pages/documents/Rich Messaging/Overview/Introduction.md, before:

---
title: Introduction
Keywords:
level1: Documents
level2: Rich Messaging
level3: Getting Started

level-order: 1
order: 10
permalink: rich-messaging-getting-started.html
root-link: true
indicator: both
---

Our solution allows sending messages (both Chat and Messaging channels) in a variety of ways: you can send simple text and images, or use our structured content templates to build your own layout with images, buttons and multiple actions in one message.

### Basic Elements
Basic elements are the core components of the structured content messaging template.
By using this element in your template, you can send basic messages, such as simple text, images or buttons.
You can also send a Structured Content template which includes multiple basic elements with attached actions.

Types of basic elements supported by the platform:

* Text
* Button
* Image
* Map

### Click operations
An element which has an "actions" field, an on-click operation (executed when the consumer clicks on the element) and a metadata field.

### Styling
Each basic element can have style elements.



The following document lists the different types of entries available for use with such a layout and includes templates for how to write them in JSON.
You can use [this tool](https://livepersoninc.github.io/json-pollock/editor/) to render your JSON in advance and get a sense of how your structured content object will look.

Commit message:

add SC overview and metadata sections

pages/documents/Rich Messaging/Overview/Introduction.md, after:

---
title: Introduction
Keywords:
level1: Documents
level2: Rich Messaging
level3: Getting Started

level-order: 1
order: 10
permalink: rich-messaging-getting-started.html
root-link: true
indicator: both
---

Our solution allows sending messages (both Chat and Messaging channels) in a variety of ways: you can send simple text and images, or use our structured content templates to build your own layout with images, buttons and multiple actions in one message.

The following document lists the different types of entries available for use with such a layout and includes templates for how to write them in JSON.
You can use [this tool](https://livepersoninc.github.io/json-pollock/editor/) to render your JSON in advance and get a sense of how your structured content object will look.

### Basic Elements
Basic elements are the core components of the structured content messaging template.
By using this element in your template, you can send basic messages, such as simple text, images or buttons.
You can also send a Structured Content template which includes multiple basic elements with attached actions.

Types of basic elements supported by the platform:

* Text
* Button
* Image
* Map

### Click operations
An element which has an "actions" field, an on-click operation (executed when the consumer clicks on the element) and a metadata field.

### Styling
Each basic element can have style elements.

### Metadata
Metadata is a list of UMS predefined objects that can be sent back to the agent and be used in reporting.
Metadata can be defined in the header section of the request or inside a click block. For a more in depth guide on how metadata in Structured Content works, please refer to the [Conversation Metadata guide](guides-conversation-metadata-guide.html).
When creating the JSON structure, the metadata ExternalID that will be returned to LiveEngage when an element in the card is clicked, also needs to be defined.
This is important for reporting on consumer interaction with the card, as well as for bot activity.
A Structured Content object general ID can be defined in the <header> section of the request by using the <metadata> tag. It can also be defined for each click.
You can see an example in the [Messaging Agent SDK](https://github.com/LivePersonInc/node-agent-sdk#example-sending-rich-content-structured-content) by searching for “ExternalID”.
