pages/documents/agent-interactions/agent-workspace-sdk/methods.md, before:

---
title: Methods
Keywords:
level1: Documents
level2: Agent Interactions
level3: Agent Workspace Widget SDK

order: 50
permalink: agent-workspace-sdk-methods.html

indicator: both
---

_Note: You should call init once at the beginning before calling any other method._

### init

|Method|  Description|  Notes|  Required|
|:---  |:---  |:---  |:--- |
|init|  Initializes the service and performs the handshake with the agent.  | Can be provided with an optional callback for notifications. |

Example:

```javascript

{
    var notificationHandler = function(data) {
    // Do something with the notifications
    };

    var focusHandler = function() {
    // Do something when the visitor is focused
    // Assume the visitor is focused to begin with
    };

    var blurHandler = function() {
    // Do something when the visitor is blurred
    // Assume the visitor is focused to begin with
    };
}
    lpTag.agentSDK.init({
    notificationCallback: notificationHandler,
    visitorFocusedCallback: focusHandler,
    visitorBlurredCallback: blurHandler
});
```

*Note: The callbacks are optional. Remember to call init once at the beginning, before calling any other method.*

### get

|Method|  Description|  Notes|  Required|
|:---  |:---  |:---  |:--- |
|get | Gets data from the public model.  | The data that arrives in the callback is the data from the model. If no data can be found in the provided key: null.|

Example:

```javascript
    {
    var onSuccess = function(data) {
        // Do something with the returning data
    };

    var onError = function(err) {
        // Do something with the error
    };

    var pathToData = "visitorInfo.visitorName";

    lpTag.agentSDK.get(pathToData, onSuccess, onError);
}
```

### bind

|Method|  Description|  Notes|  Required|
|:---  |:---  |:---  |:--- |
|bind | Binds to data in the public model. |  The data returns in the following structure {key: '', newValue: {}}, where the key is the location of the data within the public model, and the newValue is the data update. When binding, you will first receive a callback with existing data (if there is any), and then you will receive updates of the current data.  |

Example:

```javascript
{
    var updateCallback = function(data) {
        // Do something with the returning data
        var path = data.key;
        var value = data.newValue;
        // called each time the value is updated.
        // If there's an existing value when bind is called - this callback
        // will be called with the existing value
    };

    var notifyWhenDone = function(err) {
        if (err) {
            // Do something with the error
        }
        // called when the bind is completed successfully,
        // or when the action terminated with an error.
};

        var pathToData = "visitorInfo.visitorName";

        lpTag.agentSDK.bind(pathToData, updateCallback, notifyWhenDone);
}
```

*Note: notifyWhenDone is an optional callback.*

### unbind

|Method|  Description|  Notes|  Required|
|:---  |:---  |:---  |:--- |
|unbind | Unbinds from data in the public model. |  The provided key and callback must be identical to those used to bind in order for the unbind operation to work. |

Example:

```javascript
{
    // Use the same callback for both bind and unbind
    var updateCallback = function(data) {
        // Do something with the returning data
        var path = data.key;
        var value = data.newValue;
        // called each time the value is updated.
        // If there's an existing value when bind is called - this callback
        // will be called with the existing value
    };

    var notifyWhenDone = function(err) {
        if (err) {
            // Do something with the error
        }
        // called when the unbind is completed successfully,
        // or when the action terminated with an error.
    };

    var pathToData = "visitorInfo.visitorName";

    lpTag.agentSDK.unbind(pathToData, updateCallback, notifyWhenDone);
}
```

_Note: The updateCallback must be the same callback provided for the bind._

### command

|Method|  Description|  Notes|  Required|
|:---  |:---  |:---  |:--- |
|command | Sends a command to the agent. | |

#### Supported commands

|Command |Description |Const |Payload |
|:--- |:--- |:--- |:--- |
| "Write ChatLine" | write text to the chat input | lpTag.agentSDK.cmdNames.write | {text: "text to write"} |
| "Write StructuredContent" | send structured content | lpTag.agentSDK.cmdNames.writeSC | {json: {...}, metadata: [...]} <br><br> matadata is optional |
| "Send Notification" | send notification | lpTag.agentSDK.cmdNames.notify | {} |

 Example 1 - 'Write ChatLine':

```javascript
{
    var notifyWhenDone = function(err) {
        if (err) {
            // Do something with the error
        }
        // called when the command is completed successfully,
        // or when the action terminated with an error.
    };

    var cmdName = lpTag.agentSDK.cmdNames.write; // = "Write ChatLine"
    var data = {text: "Some text"};

    lpTag.agentSDK.command(cmdName, data, notifyWhenDone);
}
```

Example 2 - 'Write StructuredContent'. Please see [this link](structured-content-templates.html) for the Structured Content JSON schema:

```javascript
{
    var notifyWhenDone = function(err) {
        if (err) {
            // Do something with the error
        }
        // called when the command is completed successfully,
        // or when the action terminated with an error.
    };

    var cmdName = lpTag.agentSDK.cmdNames.writeSC; // = "Write StructuredContent"
    var data = {
		json: {
			"type": "text",
			"text": "product name",
			"tooltip": "text tooltip",
			"style": {
				"bold": true,
				"size": "large"
			}
		},
		metadata: [	//metadata is optional
			{"type":"ExternalId","id":"running364"},
			{"type":"ExternalId","id":"soccer486"}
		]
	};

    lpTag.agentSDK.command(cmdName, data, notifyWhenDone);
}
```

Example 3 - 'Send Notification':

```javascript
{
    var notifyWhenDone = function(err) {
        if (err) {
            // Do something with the error
        }
        // called when the command is completed successfully,
        // or when the action terminated with an error.
    };

    var cmdName = "Send Notification";
    var data = {};

    lpTag.agentSDK.command(cmdName, data, notifyWhenDone);
}
```

*Note: notifyWhenDone is an optional callback.*

### dispose

|Method|  Description|  Notes|  Required|
|:---  |:---  |:---  |:--- |
|dispose | Disposes of the service.| | Optional|

Example

	`lpTag.agentSDK.dispose();`

*Note: You should only call dispose if and when you are completely done with the communication. You are not required to call dispose.*

### onNotify

|Method|  Description|  Notes|  Required|
|:---  |:---  |:---  |:--- |
|onNotify  |Adds a listener to the Notify event.   | Notify events are sent. |Currently no|

```javascript
{
    var notificationHandler = function(data) {
        // Do something with the notifications
    };

    // Add a notification handler.
    lpTag.agentSDK.onNotify(notificationHandler);
}
```

*Note: This does not remove a listener added from 'init'. Currently no Notify events are sent.*

### onVisitorFocused

|Method|  Description|  Notes|  Required|
|:---  |:---  |:---  |:--- |
|onVisitorFocused | Adds a listener to the Visitor Focus event.   |Sent whenever the visitor of the iFrame widget is focused. Assume the visitor is focused to begin with. |

```javascript
{
    var focusHandler = function() {
        // Do something when the visitor is focused
        // Assume the visitor is focused to begin with
    };

    // Add a visitor focus handler.
    lpTag.agentSDK.onVisitorFocused(focusHandler);
}
```

*Note: This does not remove a listener added from 'init'.*

### onVisitorBlurred

|Method|  Description|  Notes|  Required|
|:---  |:---  |:---  |:--- |
|onVisitorBlurred | Adds a listener to the Visitor Blur event.  | Sent whenever the visitor of the iFrame widget is blurred. Assume the visitor is focused to begin with.|

```javascript
{
    var blurHandler = function() {
        // Do something when the visitor is blurred
        // Assume the visitor is focused to begin with
    };

    // Add a visitor blur handler.
    lpTag.agentSDK.onVisitorBlurred(blurHandler);
}
```

*Note: This does not remove a listener added from 'init'.*

### Full flow

```javascript
{
var name = '';
var visitorLocation = '';
var triedCountry = false;

var notificationHandler = function(data) {
    // Do something with the notifications
};

var notifyWhenDone = function(err) {
    if (err) {
        // Do something with the error
    }
    // called when the bind is completed successfully,
    // or when the action terminated with an error.
};

{
var updateCallback = function(data) {
    // Do something with the returning data
    var path = data.key;
    var value = data.newValue;
    // called each time the value is updated.
    // If there's an existing value when bind is called - this callback
    // will be called with the existing value
    if (path === 'visitorInfo.visitorName') {
        lpTag.agentSDK.command(lpTag.agentSDK.cmdNames.write,
            {text: 'Hello ' + value + '!'}, notifyWhenDone);
        if (visitorLocation) {
            lpTag.agentSDK.command(lpTag.agentSDK.cmdNames.write,
                {text: 'I see you are from ' + visitorLocation}, notifyWhenDone);
        }
    }
};


{
var onSuccess = function(data) {
    // Do something with the returning data
    visitorLocation = data;
    lpTag.agentSDK.bind('visitorInfo.visitorName', updateCallback, notifyWhenDone);
};

var onError = function(err) {
    // Do something with the error
    if (err) {
        if (!triedCountry) {
            triedCountry = true;
            lpTag.agentSDK.get('country', onSuccess, onError);
        } else {
            lpTag.agentSDK.bind('visitorInfo.visitorName', updateCallback, notifyWhenDone);
        }
    }


lpTag.agentSDK.init({notificationCallback: notificationHandler});

lpTag.agentSDK.get('city', onSuccess, onError);
};
```

Commit message:

Extending the Documentation for the Agent SDK. - Write command: empehsise the difference in the format based on the engagement type. - adding new engagement info details (campaign for messaging) - from version 9.0.0

pages/documents/agent-interactions/agent-workspace-sdk/methods.md, after:

---
title: Methods
Keywords:
level1: Documents
level2: Agent Interactions
level3: Agent Workspace Widget SDK

order: 50
permalink: agent-workspace-sdk-methods.html

indicator: both
---

_Note: You should call init once at the beginning before calling any other method._

### init

|Method|  Description|  Notes|  Required|
|:---  |:---  |:---  |:--- |
|init|  Initializes the service and performs the handshake with the agent.  | Can be provided with an optional callback for notifications. |

Example:

```javascript

{
    var notificationHandler = function(data) {
    // Do something with the notifications
    };

    var focusHandler = function() {
    // Do something when the visitor is focused
    // Assume the visitor is focused to begin with
    };

    var blurHandler = function() {
    // Do something when the visitor is blurred
    // Assume the visitor is focused to begin with
    };
}
    lpTag.agentSDK.init({
    notificationCallback: notificationHandler,
    visitorFocusedCallback: focusHandler,
    visitorBlurredCallback: blurHandler
});
```

*Note: The callbacks are optional. Remember to call init once at the beginning, before calling any other method.*

### get

|Method|  Description|  Notes|  Required|
|:---  |:---  |:---  |:--- |
|get | Gets data from the public model.  | The data that arrives in the callback is the data from the model. If no data can be found in the provided key: null.|

Example:

```javascript
    {
    var onSuccess = function(data) {
        // Do something with the returning data
    };

    var onError = function(err) {
        // Do something with the error
    };

    var pathToData = "visitorInfo.visitorName";

    lpTag.agentSDK.get(pathToData, onSuccess, onError);
}
```

### bind

|Method|  Description|  Notes|  Required|
|:---  |:---  |:---  |:--- |
|bind | Binds to data in the public model. |  The data returns in the following structure {key: '', newValue: {}}, where the key is the location of the data within the public model, and the newValue is the data update. When binding, you will first receive a callback with existing data (if there is any), and then you will receive updates of the current data.  |

Example:

```javascript
{
    var updateCallback = function(data) {
        // Do something with the returning data
        var path = data.key;
        var value = data.newValue;
        // called each time the value is updated.
        // If there's an existing value when bind is called - this callback
        // will be called with the existing value
    };

    var notifyWhenDone = function(err) {
        if (err) {
            // Do something with the error
        }
        // called when the bind is completed successfully,
        // or when the action terminated with an error.
};

        var pathToData = "visitorInfo.visitorName";

        lpTag.agentSDK.bind(pathToData, updateCallback, notifyWhenDone);
}
```

*Note: notifyWhenDone is an optional callback.*

### unbind

|Method|  Description|  Notes|  Required|
|:---  |:---  |:---  |:--- |
|unbind | Unbinds from data in the public model. |  The provided key and callback must be identical to those used to bind in order for the unbind operation to work. |

Example:

```javascript
{
    // Use the same callback for both bind and unbind
    var updateCallback = function(data) {
        // Do something with the returning data
        var path = data.key;
        var value = data.newValue;
        // called each time the value is updated.
        // If there's an existing value when bind is called - this callback
        // will be called with the existing value
    };

    var notifyWhenDone = function(err) {
        if (err) {
            // Do something with the error
        }
        // called when the unbind is completed successfully,
        // or when the action terminated with an error.
    };

    var pathToData = "visitorInfo.visitorName";

    lpTag.agentSDK.unbind(pathToData, updateCallback, notifyWhenDone);
}
```

_Note: The updateCallback must be the same callback provided for the bind._

### command

|Method|  Description|  Notes|  Required|
|:---  |:---  |:---  |:--- |
|command | Sends a command to the agent. | |

#### Supported commands

|Command |Description |Const |Payload |
|:--- |:--- |:--- |:--- |
| "Write ChatLine" | write text to the chat input. in real-time chat the text should be sent in **HTML** format, in async messaging conversation in **plain text** format.
 | lpTag.agentSDK.cmdNames.write | {text: "text to write"} |
| "Write StructuredContent" | send structured content | lpTag.agentSDK.cmdNames.writeSC | {json: {...}, metadata: [...]} <br><br> matadata is optional |
| "Send Notification" | send notification | lpTag.agentSDK.cmdNames.notify | {} |

 Example 1 - 'Write ChatLine':

```javascript
{
    var notifyWhenDone = function(err) {
        if (err) {
            // Do something with the error
        }
        // called when the command is completed successfully,
        // or when the action terminated with an error.
    };

    var cmdName = lpTag.agentSDK.cmdNames.write; // = "Write ChatLine"
    var data = {text: "Some text"};

    lpTag.agentSDK.command(cmdName, data, notifyWhenDone);
}
```

Example 2 - 'Write StructuredContent'. Please see [this link](structured-content-templates.html) for the Structured Content JSON schema:

```javascript
{
    var notifyWhenDone = function(err) {
        if (err) {
            // Do something with the error
        }
        // called when the command is completed successfully,
        // or when the action terminated with an error.
    };

    var cmdName = lpTag.agentSDK.cmdNames.writeSC; // = "Write StructuredContent"
    var data = {
		json: {
			"type": "text",
			"text": "product name",
			"tooltip": "text tooltip",
			"style": {
				"bold": true,
				"size": "large"
			}
		},
		metadata: [	//metadata is optional
			{"type":"ExternalId","id":"running364"},
			{"type":"ExternalId","id":"soccer486"}
		]
	};

    lpTag.agentSDK.command(cmdName, data, notifyWhenDone);
}
```

Example 3 - 'Send Notification':

```javascript
{
    var notifyWhenDone = function(err) {
        if (err) {
            // Do something with the error
        }
        // called when the command is completed successfully,
        // or when the action terminated with an error.
    };

    var cmdName = "Send Notification";
    var data = {};

    lpTag.agentSDK.command(cmdName, data, notifyWhenDone);
}
```

*Note: notifyWhenDone is an optional callback.*

### dispose

|Method|  Description|  Notes|  Required|
|:---  |:---  |:---  |:--- |
|dispose | Disposes of the service.| | Optional|

Example

	`lpTag.agentSDK.dispose();`

*Note: You should only call dispose if and when you are completely done with the communication. You are not required to call dispose.*

### onNotify

|Method|  Description|  Notes|  Required|
|:---  |:---  |:---  |:--- |
|onNotify  |Adds a listener to the Notify event.   | Notify events are sent. |Currently no|

```javascript
{
    var notificationHandler = function(data) {
        // Do something with the notifications
    };

    // Add a notification handler.
    lpTag.agentSDK.onNotify(notificationHandler);
}
```

*Note: This does not remove a listener added from 'init'. Currently no Notify events are sent.*

### onVisitorFocused

|Method|  Description|  Notes|  Required|
|:---  |:---  |:---  |:--- |
|onVisitorFocused | Adds a listener to the Visitor Focus event.   |Sent whenever the visitor of the iFrame widget is focused. Assume the visitor is focused to begin with. |

```javascript
{
    var focusHandler = function() {
        // Do something when the visitor is focused
        // Assume the visitor is focused to begin with
    };

    // Add a visitor focus handler.
    lpTag.agentSDK.onVisitorFocused(focusHandler);
}
```

*Note: This does not remove a listener added from 'init'.*

### onVisitorBlurred

|Method|  Description|  Notes|  Required|
|:---  |:---  |:---  |:--- |
|onVisitorBlurred | Adds a listener to the Visitor Blur event.  | Sent whenever the visitor of the iFrame widget is blurred. Assume the visitor is focused to begin with.|

```javascript
{
    var blurHandler = function() {
        // Do something when the visitor is blurred
        // Assume the visitor is focused to begin with
    };

    // Add a visitor blur handler.
    lpTag.agentSDK.onVisitorBlurred(blurHandler);
}
```

*Note: This does not remove a listener added from 'init'.*

### Full flow

```javascript
{
var name = '';
var visitorLocation = '';
var triedCountry = false;

var notificationHandler = function(data) {
    // Do something with the notifications
};

var notifyWhenDone = function(err) {
    if (err) {
        // Do something with the error
    }
    // called when the bind is completed successfully,
    // or when the action terminated with an error.
};

{
var updateCallback = function(data) {
    // Do something with the returning data
    var path = data.key;
    var value = data.newValue;
    // called each time the value is updated.
    // If there's an existing value when bind is called - this callback
    // will be called with the existing value
    if (path === 'visitorInfo.visitorName') {
        lpTag.agentSDK.command(lpTag.agentSDK.cmdNames.write,
            {text: 'Hello ' + value + '!'}, notifyWhenDone);
        if (visitorLocation) {
            lpTag.agentSDK.command(lpTag.agentSDK.cmdNames.write,
                {text: 'I see you are from ' + visitorLocation}, notifyWhenDone);
        }
    }
};


{
var onSuccess = function(data) {
    // Do something with the returning data
    visitorLocation = data;
    lpTag.agentSDK.bind('visitorInfo.visitorName', updateCallback, notifyWhenDone);
};

var onError = function(err) {
    // Do something with the error
    if (err) {
        if (!triedCountry) {
            triedCountry = true;
            lpTag.agentSDK.get('country', onSuccess, onError);
        } else {
            lpTag.agentSDK.bind('visitorInfo.visitorName', updateCallback, notifyWhenDone);
        }
    }


lpTag.agentSDK.init({notificationCallback: notificationHandler});

lpTag.agentSDK.get('city', onSuccess, onError);
};
```
