pages/documents/MessagingChannels/MobileAppMessagingSDKforAndroid/Authentication.md, before:

---
pagename: Authentication
redirect_from:
  - android-authentication.html
Keywords:
sitesection: Documents
categoryname: "Messaging Channels"
documentname: Mobile App Messaging SDK for Android

order: 130
permalink: mobile-app-messaging-sdk-for-android-authentication.html

indicator: messaging
---

If your system implementation involves an authentication step , you can use one of the following methods in order to get the conversation view:

To start LivePerson's Activity mode:

```java
LivePerson.showConversation(Activity activity, LPAuthenticationParams lpAuthenticationParams, ConversationViewParams params‎);
```

To start LivePerson's Fragment mode: (Attach the returned fragment to a container in your activity):

```java
LivePerson.getConversationFragment(LPAuthenticationParams lpAuthenticationParams, ConversationViewParams params‎);
```

There are 2 authenticated connection methods:

 1. **AuthenticationKey** - Usually this means that the LivePerson backend will verify the authentication token sent by the SDK with your system servers. If the key cannot be verified on your company’s backend servers, this call will fail.

    ```java
    LPAuthenticationParams().setAuthKey("yourAuthCode").
    ```

 _**Optional**_ - when using this method, you can also set a special redirect URL when authenticating by calling: lpAuthenticationParams.setHostAppRedirectUri("yourRedirectUrl")

 2. **JWT**:

    ```java
    LPAuthenticationParams().setHostAppJWT("yourJwt")
    ```


Once the Authentication key is expired, you will be notified with callback / local intent ["void onTokenExpired()"](android-callbacks-index.html#token-expired).

To re-connect with new Authentication key use [reconnect( LPAuthenticationParams lpAuthenticationParams) ](android-methods.html#reconnect)


**Note: errors while trying to connect will call callback : void onError(TaskType type, String message);**

Commit message:

updated the quick start guide with more details to the initialization steps for clarity; added a couple of features to have enabled to the getting started guide

pages/documents/MessagingChannels/MobileAppMessagingSDKforAndroid/Authentication.md, after:

---
pagename: Authentication for Android
redirect_from:
  - android-authentication.html
Keywords:
sitesection: Documents
categoryname: "Messaging Channels"
documentname: Mobile App Messaging SDK for Android
subfoldername: Appendix

order: 130
permalink: mobile-app-messaging-sdk-for-android-appendix-authentication.html

indicator: messaging
---

### Authentication methods 

If your system implementation involves an authentication step , you can use one of the following methods in order to get the conversation view:

#### Activity mode

```java
LivePerson.showConversation(Activity activity, LPAuthenticationParams lpAuthenticationParams, ConversationViewParams params‎);
```

#### Fragment mode (Attach the returned fragment to a container in your activity)

```java
LivePerson.getConversationFragment(LPAuthenticationParams lpAuthenticationParams, ConversationViewParams params‎);
```

### Authenticated connection methods

#### AuthenticationKey
The LivePerson back-end verifies the authentication token sent by the SDK with your system servers. If the key cannot be verified on your company’s backend servers, this call fails.

```java
LPAuthenticationParams().setAuthKey("yourAuthCode").
```

**Tip:** Alternatively, when using this method, you can also set a special redirect URL when authenticating by calling:

```java
lpAuthenticationParams.setHostAppRedirectUri("yourRedirectUrl")
```

#### JWT

```java
LPAuthenticationParams().setHostAppJWT("yourJwt")
```

Once the Authentication key expires, you get notified with a callback / local intent ["void onTokenExpired()"](android-callbacks-index.html#token-expired).

To re-connect with a new Authentication key, use [reconnect( LPAuthenticationParams lpAuthenticationParams) ](android-methods.html#reconnect)


{:.important}
Errors while trying to connect uses callback: `void onError(TaskType type, String message);`
