---
pagename: iOS Messaging SDK - Version 3.2.5

Keywords:
sitesection: Documents
categoryname: "Messaging Channels"
documentname: Mobile App Messaging SDK for iOS


permalink: mobile-app-messaging-sdk-for-ios-release-notes-3-2-5.html
indicator: messaging
---

### iOS Messaging SDK - Version 3.2.5

Version 3.2.5 includes fixes for the following bugs:

1. In some cases, when consumers would go into the conversation screen, the loading progress bar would get stuck.

2. When starting to fill a secure form, if a customer exits out of the form and opens a new secure form, the values from the first form appears in the new form for a ~second and then disappeared.

3. When applying a regex for real time masking, the entire string will be affected rather than only the matching part.
4. Missing auto scroll to bottom when a conversation is closed.

5. The first message is hidden when using the Control History APIs. After sending the second message, all messages will be visible.

6. In some cases, when consumers send the app to the background and later return to the conversation screen, the socket will not get connected and the consumer will not be able to send\receive messages.

7. When going into the conversation screen after the app was killed, the screen will be scrolled to the top instead to the bottom.

8. When replacing rootViewController, in-app push notifications stops working.

9. If a failure occurred while unregistering for Push Notifications, customers were unable to logout from the SDK

The full release notes can be found [Here](https://s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/ce-sr/Release+Notes/2018/iOS+3.2.5+release+notes.pdf)

<a href="/mobile-app-messaging-sdk-for-ios-all-release-notes.html">Return to the iOS Messaging SDK Release Notes</a>