---
pagename: iOS Messaging SDK - Version 3.4.0

Keywords:
sitesection: Documents
categoryname: "Messaging Channels"
documentname: Mobile App Messaging SDK for iOS


permalink: mobile-app-messaging-sdk-for-ios-release-notes-3-4-0.html
indicator: messaging
---


### Overview

iOS Mobile App SDK v3.4 contains bug fixes for high priority bugs reported by customers. The version does not include new features and there are no API changes.

#### Environment Requirements

iOS Mobile App SDK v3.4 is compatible with Xcode 10, Swift 4.2 and iOS versions 9 through 12.

### Bugs

#### Bug Fixes

* App crash when setting the phone’s time to future.

* In some cases, when going into the conversation screen, the keyboard covers the text area.

* Unauthenticated conversation doesn’t get connected when providing an engagement using an entry point.

* When using unauthenticated messaging and setting the history flag to false, in case the conversation was resolved while the SDK was in the background, the conversation screen will be stuck and the consumer will not be able to start a new conversation.

* Accessibility - Secure Form description is not announced properly.

* Monitoring APIs - SDK is not using the returned VID when querying "getEngagement" request. This might cause a longer time for getting a response.

* In some cases, when the consumer returns to an ongoing conversation, error shows up and the consumer cannot send any messages.

* Redundant CSAT is shown when Agent activates PCS in conversation.

* In some cases, when the JWT expires there is no delegate being triggered after showConversation method is called.
