pages/documents/consumer experience/ios-sdk/Configuring the SDK/configuring-the-sdk.md, before:

---
title: Customizing the SDK
Keywords:
level1: Documents
level2: Consumer Experience
level3: Mobile App Messaging SDK for iOS
level4: Customization and Branding

order: 223
permalink: consumer-experience-ios-sdk-configuring-the-sdk.html

indicator: messaging
---

The SDK allows you to customize the look and feel of your app using LPConfig object. To apply a custom look and feel, create your own configuration instance and assign the attributes you want to customize.

_**Note: for the list of all the attributes you can configure on the SDK, click [here](consumer-experience-ios-sdk-attributes.html)**_

The most suitable time to customize configuration is right after the SDK initialization and before calling **showConversation()**.

To get the default configuration:

```swift
let configuration = LPConfig.defaultConfiguration
```

To print all configurable attributes and their default values call:

```swift
LPConfig.printAllConfigurations()
```

To customize an attribute, follow this example:

```swift
configuration.remoteUserBubbleBackgroundColor = UIColor.purpleColor()
configuration.brandName = "Brand Name"
configuration.remoteUserBubbleBorderWidth = 0.5
```

Commit message:

running app on consumer experience

pages/documents/consumer experience/ios-sdk/Configuring the SDK/configuring-the-sdk.md, after:

---
title: Customizing the SDK
Keywords:
level1: Documents
level2: Consumer Experience
level3: Mobile App Messaging SDK for iOS
level4: Customization and Branding

order: 223
permalink: mobile-app-messaging-sdk-for-ios-customization-and-branding-customizing-the-sdk.html

indicator: messaging
---

The SDK allows you to customize the look and feel of your app using LPConfig object. To apply a custom look and feel, create your own configuration instance and assign the attributes you want to customize.

_**Note: for the list of all the attributes you can configure on the SDK, click [here](consumer-experience-ios-sdk-attributes.html)**_

The most suitable time to customize configuration is right after the SDK initialization and before calling **showConversation()**.

To get the default configuration:

```swift
let configuration = LPConfig.defaultConfiguration
```

To print all configurable attributes and their default values call:

```swift
LPConfig.printAllConfigurations()
```

To customize an attribute, follow this example:

```swift
configuration.remoteUserBubbleBackgroundColor = UIColor.purpleColor()
configuration.brandName = "Brand Name"
configuration.remoteUserBubbleBorderWidth = 0.5
```
