---
pagename: Common Settings
redirect_from:
Keywords:
sitesection: Documents
categoryname: "Conversational AI"
documentname: Knowledge Base
subfoldername: Common
permalink: knowledge-base-common-common-settings.html
indicator: both
---

This topic contains information on settings that are common to knowledge bases of various types.

**To modify knowledge base settings**
1. Open the knowledge base.
2. Click **Settings** in the upper-left corner.
3. Modify the settings, and click **Update**.

### Common, read-only settings

* **Owner Name**: The name of the person who added the knowledge base.
* **Data source type**: This is either "External knowledge base" or "Internal knowledge base."
* **Content Provider**: The name of the provider who sources the content. For an external knowledge base, this is the name of the CMS vendor, e.g., Salesforce, Zendesk, and so on. For an internal knowledge base, this is always "LivePerson."
* **Knowledge Base ID**: A unique identifier for the knowledge base that’s generated by the system. In some scenarios, you might need to reference this ID. Here’s where you can find it.
* **Associated Domain**: If the knowledge base's **Intent Association** is "Domain Intents," this indicates the domain that's associated with the knowledge base.

### Common, configurable settings

* **Data source name**: Enter a new display name for the knowledge base if desired. Changing the name of the knowledge base doesn't require a corresponding update to a [knowledge base integration](conversation-builder-integrations-knowledge-base-integrations.html) that uses the knowledge base; the integration is tied to the knowledge base's underlying primary key, not its name. 
* **Intent Association**: If you've associated a domain with the knowledge base, this setting is read-only and says, "Domain Intents." However, if the knowledge base is an internal knowledge bases that uses [Knowledge Base intents](knowledge-base-internal-knowledge-bases-introduction.html#knowlege-base-intents-versus-domain-intents), this says, "Knowledge Base Intents," and it gives you the option to [convert](knowledge-base-internal-knowledge-bases-knowledge-bases.html#convert-knowledge-base-intents-to-domain-intents) to Domain intents.
* **Public**: If you don't want other users in your Conversational Cloud account to be able to view and edit the knowledge base in the Knowledge Base application, click the slider to Off. To facilitate the contributions of multiple persons to articles, the default value is On.