pages/documents/MessagingChannels/ConnectorAPI/api-reference/sendapi-error-codes.md, before:

---
pagename: Authorization Error Responses
sitesection: Documents
categoryname: "Messaging Channels"
documentname: Connector API
subfoldername: API Reference
indicator: messaging
permalink: connector-api-api-reference-authorization-error-responses.html
---

The SEND API returns an error response for every authorization or authentication failure. Such an error response contains a JSON payload which details the error, error title, details about the error and both an HTTP error code (401) and a specific code for the type of error encountered. For example, if the AppJWT is missing, then the Send API will return the following response:

```json
{
  "kind": "resp",
  "code": 401,
  "body": {
    "title": "AppJWT is missing",
    "details": "AUTHORIZATION header is not present",
    "errorCode": 40104
  },
  "type": ".ReqBody$ErrorResp"
}
```

| Property | Description | Value/Example | Type | Notes |
| :--- | :--- | :--- | :--- | :--- |
| kind | The messaging event kind. | *resp* | string | Always *resp* for response. |
| code | The HTTP status code. | *401* | integer | Always *401* for Unauthorized. |
| body | JSON body detailing the error. | See example *body* above.| Object | See below for the full list of possible values. |
| body.title | Title of the error response. | *AppJWT is missing* | string | See below for the full list of possible values. |
| body.details | Details about the error. | *AUTHORIZATION header is not present* | string | See below for the full list of possible values. |
| body.errorCode | A unique code identifying each possible error response. | *40104* | integer | The first three digits represent the HTTP status code and the last two digits are a changing number. See below for the full list of possible values. |
| type | The type of the response. | *.ReqBody$ErrorResp* | string | Always *.ReqBody$ErrorResp* for error response. |


### Response Bodies

Each line in the following table represents one possible response body, including its title, details and errorCode. This means that there are four different error responses in total which can be returned by the API.

| Error Code | Title | Details |
| :--- | :--- | :--- |
| 40102 | Invalid AppJWT  | AppJWT has expired or is invalid |
| 40103 | Invalid ConsumerJWS  | ConsumerJWS is invalid  |
| 40104 | ConsumerJWS is missing  | X_ON_BEHALF_HEADER is not present |
| 40105 | AppJWT is missing  | AUTHORIZATION header is not present |

Commit message:

Updated send pai error codes docs

pages/documents/MessagingChannels/ConnectorAPI/api-reference/sendapi-error-codes.md, after:

---
pagename: Authorization Error Responses
sitesection: Documents
categoryname: "Messaging Channels"
documentname: Connector API
subfoldername: API Reference
indicator: messaging
permalink: connector-api-api-reference-authorization-error-responses.html
---

```NOTE: The error response format described here will be available in the next release.```

The SEND API returns an error response for every authorization or authentication failure. Such an error response contains a JSON payload which details the error, error title, details about the error and both an HTTP error code (401) and a specific code for the type of error encountered. For example, if the AppJWT is missing, then the Send API will return the following response:

```json
{
  "kind": "resp",
  "code": 401,
  "body": {
    "title": "AppJWT is missing",
    "details": "AUTHORIZATION header is not present",
    "errorCode": 40104
  },
  "type": ".ReqBody$ErrorResp"
}
```

| Property | Description | Value/Example | Type | Notes |
| :--- | :--- | :--- | :--- | :--- |
| kind | The messaging event kind. | *resp* | string | Always *resp* for response. |
| code | The HTTP status code. | *401* | integer | Always *401* for Unauthorized. |
| body | JSON body detailing the error. | See example *body* above.| Object | See below for the full list of possible values. |
| body.title | Title of the error response. | *AppJWT is missing* | string | See below for the full list of possible values. |
| body.details | Details about the error. | *AUTHORIZATION header is not present* | string | See below for the full list of possible values. |
| body.errorCode | A unique code identifying each possible error response. | *40104* | integer | The first three digits represent the HTTP status code and the last two digits are a changing number. See below for the full list of possible values. |
| type | The type of the response. | *.ReqBody$ErrorResp* | string | Always *.ReqBody$ErrorResp* for error response. |


### Response Bodies

Each line in the following table represents one possible response body, including its title, details and errorCode. This means that there are four different error responses in total which can be returned by the API.

| Error Code | Title | Details |
| :--- | :--- | :--- |
| 40102 | Invalid AppJWT  | AppJWT has expired or is invalid |
| 40103 | Invalid ConsumerJWS  | ConsumerJWS is invalid  |
| 40104 | ConsumerJWS is missing  | X_ON_BEHALF_HEADER is not present |
| 40105 | AppJWT is missing  | AUTHORIZATION header is not present |
