### Version 6.8.2
#### iOS Messaging SDK

**Release Date**: June 10, 2022

##### Environment requirements

The iOS Mobile Messaging SDK version 6.8.2.837 is supported on iOS versions 13 through 15.

**This XCFramework was compiled with Swift version Apple Swift version 5.2.4 (swiftlang-1103.0.32.9 clang-1103.0.32.53) which means it will work Swift version 5.2.4 and above.**

{: .notice}
XCFramework is supported on CocoaPad versions 1.9.0 and greater.

##### New features

##### ConversationViewController Menu configurations

Adding the ability to enable or disable individual elements on the default menu.

{: .notice}
Disabling all elements will prevent the menu from being render.

##### showResolveConversationMenuOption
- **Description:** Show or hide **Resolve Conversation** button on the Conversation Menu.
- **Type:** Bool
- **Default Value:** true
- **Available since:** 6.8.2

##### showMarkAsUrgentMenuOption
- **Description:** Show or hide **Mark as Urgent** button on the Conversation Menu.
- **Type:** Bool
- **Default Value:** true
- **Available since:** 6.8.2

##### showClearHistoryMenuOption
- **Description:** Show or hide **Clear History** button on the Conversation Menu.
- **Type:** Bool
- **Default Value:** true
- **Available since:** 6.8.2

##### Enhancements

- Adding Unread Count to Scroll to Bottom Button while announcing content via VoiceOver Assistant

##### Bugs fixed

- Fixed the issue with `unread message divider`:
  - Announced as button instead of text by VoiceOver Assistant
  - Not accessible for VoiceOver Assistant
- Fixed issue when Welcome Message with QuickReplies could create a crash when leaving Conversation Screen.