---
title: Overview
level1: 
level2: Real Time Interactions
level3: Monitoring API
level-order: 8
order: 1
permalink: rt-interactions-monitoring-overview.html
root-link: true
indicator: messaging
---

### Introduction

The Monitoring API is meant to enable consumer monitoring and engagement flows. By combining monitoring capabilities with our Campaigns feature, you can display tailored engagements to the right consumer at the right time. For example, in order to present a "Click to Message" button (an engagement) with an updated state of availability (a certain number of agents online, a skill being available and so on), you can access the specific engagement using this API and display it to the consumer only if it is available, for a certain type of consumer, at a certain time of day and so on. Thus, the Monitoring API allows you to report data about the consumer and get information back about engagements and campaigns relevant to specific consumers.

### Getting Started

Please view the separate [Getting Started](rt-interactions-monitoring-getting-started.html) document for a step by step example of how to use this API.

### Terminology

* consumer device - The device the consumer is messaging from, for example: Mobile, desktop.
* monitor session - the server-side state of the current consumer device session.
* `consumerId` - the brand's identifier for the consumer (e.g, email, phone number or a generated unique id).
* `visitorId` - the LivePerson identifier to the current consumer device.
* `sessionId` - the LivePerson identifier to the current monitor session of this consumer device.
* `appInstallationId` - The app key generated by LiveEngage once installing an "Application" (such as the "Mobile APP") on the site.

### Sample Flow:

1. Your environment (app/connector) sends a request to the [Engagement Resource](rt-interactions-monitoring-methods-engagement.html){:target="blank"}. To the request you can add the following information regarding the consumer's activity within your brand's environment -  `consumerId`, entry points, engagement attributes, client properties, et cetera.

2. The monitoring system creates a monitor session for the requesting device and replies with an eligible engagement, including the `visitorId` and a `sessionId` in the response.

3. The requesting device sends a request to the [Report Resource](rt-interactions-report.html){:target="blank"}, specifying the `visitorId` and the `sessionId` created in Step 2 in the Report method request, in order to report about the status of the engagement usage - displayed, clicked, et cetera.

### Notes

The "Monitor API" is a **stateful API**. This (server-side) state is the monitor session, creating from a combination of a pair of parameters - `visitorId` and `sessionId`. In order to maintain consistency, maintain a proper funnel and avoid unnecessary load, it is **highly**  advisable to provide the `sessionId` and `visitorId` that are created in the first request for a specific device session in all subsequent requests to all resources of the "Monitor API".

* A response code of **200 (OK)** - means that the values of the `visitorId` and a `sessionId` that were provided are valid - the pair represents a valid monitor session.

* A response code of **201 (CREATED)** 	- means that no values were provided for the `visitorId` and/or `sessionId` query parameters, or the values provided are otherwise invalid. Therefore, a new monitor session was created (the new `visitorId` and  `sessionId` appear in the response body).

### Protocols

* HTTP based - All information (both client to server and server to client) will be passed using an HTTP request-response model.
* HTTPS only - Only **secured** (SSL) requests will be handled.
* JSON based - All data (both directions) will be passed using a valid JSON. **Note** - clients should not rely on a closed set of attributes since the format is JSON ("Forward Compatibility").

### Authentication and Authorization

This API is public. When specifying `appInstallationId` and `accountId`, the API does not require any further authentication or authorization beyond the basic ID validation.

### Usage, Capping and Error handling

* In order to avoid unnecessary load, **it is highly advisable to provide the `sessionId` and `visitorId` of the consumer device** in all subsequent requests (e.g. the 2nd request onwards) spanning the current monitor session.

* Not complying to the above usage of the `sessionId` and `visitorId` parameters may lead to an exceptional (abnormal) rate of monitor sessions' creation which will eventually be capped and will result in erroneous 5XX responses.

### Response Errors

| Status code | Internal code | Description | Notes |
| :--- | :--- | :--- | :--- |
| 400 | 33 | illegal API version requested | |
| 400 | 5 | request data is missing or invalid | request body is not a valid JSON ; input does not meet validation requirements; input cannot be parsed ... |
| 404 | 37 | invalid visitorId | |
| 404 | 39 | invalid sessionId | |
| 404 | 18 | invalid appInstallationId | |
| 500 | 20 | account not loaded or request timed out | |
| 500 | 18 | internal server error | an unexpected server error occurred |

### Use Cases

* **Customized Mobile Experience** - If you're looking to build your own customized mobile experience in conjunction with our other APIs, you can enrich those APIs with monitoring. This API would enable you to do so independently by reporting on engagements.

* **Report SDEs via the API** - if you're already using other LivePerson APIs to build custom solutions, you'd need to work with this API directly to enable communication with those custom solutions.


### Reporting funnel

**Note**: the reporting funnel relies on terms and definitions explained as part of the Report method of this API. Please visit [this link](rt-interactions-monitoring-methods-report.html) for more information on these terms.

Today, the Report Builder offers a set of operational and funnel reports which instill visibility into campaign performance and agent performance against campaign goals. These reports currently cover both Chat and Messaging conversation types from Web sources.

Now a selection of dashboards has been released to reflect on the performance of campaigns which include a mix of engagements from web and non-web source.

**This expansion includes**

1. Opening the Business Activity dashboard to additional sources (non-web = Mobile App, Facebook, SMS, etc.)
2. Aligning goal tracking from non-web sources to the existing web based attribution model
3. Adding source type filtering to the Business Activity, Goal Tracker, and Agent Activity dashboards
4. Aligning the terminology of funnel metrics to serve all sources
