pages/documents/data/messaging-agent-metrics/Methods/Agent Status.md, before:

---
title: Agent Status
level1: Documents
level2: Data
level3: Agent Metrics API
level4: Methods
order: 10
permalink: data-messaging-interactions-methods-agent-status.html

indicator: messaging
---

Returns the current state of logged in agents that are handling messaging conversations with all its related data, including status, number of open conversations, load, skills etc. 

**Request**

| Method   |      URL      |
|----------|:-------------:|
| POST |  https://<domain>/messaging_history/api/account/{accountID}/agent-view/status |

_BODY / POST Parameters_

Filter is sent in the POST data (body) with the following JSON structure:

| Name   |      Description      |  Type/Value |
|----------|-------------|------|
| Status |  List of Agent’s statuses to be filtered  | Array`<String>` |
| agentIds |    List of agent ids - when provided, data will be returned for the specified agents who are in logged in state. If not provided, data on all logged in agents will be returned.  |   Array`<String>` |
| skillIds | List of skill ids - when provided, data will be returned for the agents with the specified skills who are in logged in state. |    Array`<String>` |
| agentGroupIds | List of agent group ids - when provided, data will be returned for the agents that are member of the specified agent groups who are in logged in state.  |    Array`<String>` |

**Response**

_JSON Example_:

		        {
			"_metadata": {
				"count": 10,
				"self": {
					"rel": "self",
					"href": "http://va-a.msghist.liveperson.net/messaging_history/api/account/28045150/agent-view/status?limit=50&offset=0"
				},
				"shardsStatusResult": {
					"partialResult": false
				}
			},
			"accountID": "28045150",
			"agentStatusRecords": [
				{
					"agentId": "8",
					"lastUpdatedTimeL": 1490033214963,
					"lastUpdatedTime": "2017-03-20 18:06:54.963+0000",
					"agentName": "lital",
					"agentNickname": "lital",
					"agentLoginName": "litalh@liveperson.com",
					"agentSkills": [
						{
							"skillId": "2",
							"skillName": "cats"
						},
						{
							"skillId": "3",
							"skillName": "lpsocial"
						},
						{
							"skillId": "1",
							"skillName": "dogs"
						}
					],
					"agentGroupId": -1,
					"agentGroupName": "Main Group",
					"currentStatus": "ONLINE",
					"load": 0,
					"ringingSlots": 0,
					"configuredMaxSlots": 20,
					"busySlots": 0,
					"openAssignedConversations": 0,
					"intenseConversations": 0
				},
				{
					"agentId": "7",
					"lastUpdatedTimeL": 1490033214962,
					"lastUpdatedTime": "2017-03-20 18:06:54.962+0000",
					"agentName": "michal",
					"agentNickname": "michal",
					"agentLoginName": "michal@liveperson.com",
					"agentSkills": [
						{
							"skillId": "2",
							"skillName": "cats"
						}
					],
					"agentGroupId": -1,
					"agentGroupName": "Main Group",
					"currentStatus": "ONLINE",
					"load": 0,
					"ringingSlots": 0,
					"configuredMaxSlots": 20,
					"busySlots": 0,
					"openAssignedConversations": 0,
					"intenseConversations": 0
				}
			]
		}


| Name   |      Description      |  Type/Value |
|----------|-------------|------|
| agentId |  Agent’s unique identifier   | alphanumeric |
| lastUpdatedTime | Timestamp for the time the metrics were last updated.  |   alphanumeric (yyyyMMddThh:mm:ss.SSS+time zone) |
| lastUpdatedTimeL | Timestamp for the time the metrics were last updated.  | Longnumeric |
| agentName | The agent's full name | alphanumeric  |
| agentLoginName| The agent’s login name  | alphanumeric   |
| agentPictureURL | URL for the picture of the agent  | alphanumeric|
| agentSkills| List of current agent’s skills  |    container  |
| skillId| Skill’s unique identifier |    alphanumeric  |
| skillName| Skill’s name |    alphanumeric  |
| agentGroupId| The agent’s group id |    alphanumeric  |
| agentGroupName| The agent’s group name |    alphanumeric  |
| currentStatus| The agent’s current status (can be ONLINE, AWAY, BACK_SOON) |    alphanumeric  |
| load| Indication for the agent’s efficiency (i.e. the amount of work the agent needs to handle, relative to the maximum capacity). It is the total weight of the assigned conversations divided by the agent’s maximum capacity. This is represented in percentage value. |    alphanumeric  |
| ringingSlots| Number of ringing slots |    alphanumeric  |
| configuredMaxSlots| The agent’s number of configured maximum slots |    alphanumeric  |
| busySlots| The agent’s number of busy slots |    alphanumeric  |
| openAssignedConversations| The agent’s number of open assigned conversations|    alphanumeric  |
| intenseConversations| The agent’s number of intense conversations |    alphanumeric  |

Commit message:

Add documentation for duration fields in AgentView CR: Lital

pages/documents/data/messaging-agent-metrics/Methods/Agent Status.md, after:

---
title: Agent Status
level1: Documents
level2: Data
level3: Agent Metrics API
level4: Methods
order: 10
permalink: data-messaging-interactions-methods-agent-status.html

indicator: messaging
---

Returns the current state of logged in agents that are handling messaging conversations with all its related data, including status, number of open conversations, load, skills etc. 

**Request**

| Method   |      URL      |
|----------|:-------------:|
| POST |  https://<domain>/messaging_history/api/account/{accountID}/agent-view/status |

_BODY / POST Parameters_

Filter is sent in the POST data (body) with the following JSON structure:

| Name   |      Description      |  Type/Value |
|----------|-------------|------|
| Status |  List of Agent’s statuses to be filtered  | Array`<String>` |
| agentIds |    List of agent ids - when provided, data will be returned for the specified agents who are in logged in state. If not provided, data on all logged in agents will be returned.  |   Array`<String>` |
| skillIds | List of skill ids - when provided, data will be returned for the agents with the specified skills who are in logged in state. |    Array`<String>` |
| agentGroupIds | List of agent group ids - when provided, data will be returned for the agents that are member of the specified agent groups who are in logged in state.  |    Array`<String>` |

**Response**

_JSON Example_:

		        {
			"_metadata": {
				"count": 10,
				"self": {
					"rel": "self",
					"href": "http://va-a.msghist.liveperson.net/messaging_history/api/account/28045150/agent-view/status?limit=50&offset=0"
				},
				"shardsStatusResult": {
					"partialResult": false
				}
			},
			"accountID": "28045150",
			"agentStatusRecords": [
				{
					"agentId": "8",
					"lastUpdatedTimeL": 1490033214963,
					"lastUpdatedTime": "2017-03-20 18:06:54.963+0000",
					"agentName": "lital",
					"agentNickname": "lital",
					"agentLoginName": "litalh@liveperson.com",
					"agentSkills": [
						{
							"skillId": "2",
							"skillName": "cats"
						},
						{
							"skillId": "3",
							"skillName": "lpsocial"
						},
						{
							"skillId": "1",
							"skillName": "dogs"
						}
					],
					"agentGroupId": -1,
					"agentGroupName": "Main Group",
					"currentStatus": "ONLINE",
					"load": 0,
					"ringingSlots": 0,
					"configuredMaxSlots": 20,
					"busySlots": 0,
					"openAssignedConversations": 0,
					"intenseConversations": 0
				},
				{
					"agentId": "7",
					"lastUpdatedTimeL": 1490033214962,
					"lastUpdatedTime": "2017-03-20 18:06:54.962+0000",
					"agentName": "michal",
					"agentNickname": "michal",
					"agentLoginName": "michal@liveperson.com",
					"agentSkills": [
						{
							"skillId": "2",
							"skillName": "cats"
						}
					],
					"agentGroupId": -1,
					"agentGroupName": "Main Group",
					"currentStatus": "ONLINE",
					"load": 0,
					"ringingSlots": 0,
					"configuredMaxSlots": 20,
					"busySlots": 0,
					"openAssignedConversations": 0,
					"intenseConversations": 0
				}
			]
		}


| Name   |      Description      |  Type/Value |
|----------|-------------|------|
| agentId |  Agent’s unique identifier   | alphanumeric |
| lastUpdatedTime | Timestamp for the time the metrics were last updated.  |   alphanumeric (yyyyMMddThh:mm:ss.SSS+time zone) |
| lastUpdatedTimeL | Timestamp for the time the metrics were last updated.  | Longnumeric |
| currentStatusStartTime | Timestamp for the time the current status was last updated.  |   alphanumeric (yyyyMMddThh:mm:ss.SSS+time zone) |
| currentStatusStartTimeL | Timestamp for the time the current status was last updated.  | Longnumeric |
| currentStatusReasonStartTime | Timestamp for the time the reason for the current status was last updated.  |   alphanumeric (yyyyMMddThh:mm:ss.SSS+time zone) |
| currentStatusReasonStartTimeL | Timestamp for the time the reason for the current status was last updated.  | Longnumeric |
| agentName | The agent's full name | alphanumeric  |
| agentNickname | The agent's nickname | alphanumeric  |
| agentLoginName| The agent’s login name  | alphanumeric   |
| agentPictureURL | URL for the picture of the agent  | alphanumeric|
| agentSkills| List of current agent’s skills  |    Array`<Skill>`  |
| agentGroupId| The agent’s group id |    alphanumeric  |
| agentGroupName| The agent’s group name |    alphanumeric  |
| currentStatus| The agent’s current status (can be ONLINE, AWAY, BACK_SOON) |    alphanumeric  |
| currentStatusDuration | The duration of the current status (in Milliseconds) |    Longnumeric  |
| currentStatusReason| The id of the reason for the agent’s current status |    alphanumeric  |
| currentStatusReasonDuration | The duration of the reason for the current status (in Milliseconds) |    Longnumeric  |
| load| Indication for the agent’s efficiency (i.e. the amount of work the agent needs to handle, relative to the maximum capacity). It is the total weight of the assigned conversations divided by the agent’s maximum capacity. This is represented in percentage value. |    alphanumeric  |
| ringingSlots| Number of ringing slots |    alphanumeric  |
| configuredMaxSlots| The agent’s number of configured maximum slots |    alphanumeric  |
| busySlots| The agent’s number of busy slots |    alphanumeric  |
| openAssignedConversations| The agent’s number of open assigned conversations|    alphanumeric  |
| intenseConversations| The agent’s number of intense conversations |    alphanumeric  |

_Skill_

| Name   |      Description      |  Type/Value |
|----------|-------------|------|
| skillId| Skill’s unique identifier |    alphanumeric  |
| skillName| Skill’s name |    alphanumeric  |
