pages/documents/consumer experience/server-chat/Methods/send-transcript.md, before:

---
title: Send a Transcript
level1: Documents
level2: Consumer Experience
level3: Server Chat API
level4: Methods

order: 170
permalink: consumer-experience-server-chat-send-transcript.html

indicator: chat
---

Sends a transcript of the chat to the visitor's email address.

### Request

| Method | URL |
| :--- | :--- |
| PUT | https://{domain}/api/account/{accountId}/chat/{chatId}/transcriptRequest?v=1&NC=true |

*Currently PUT is supported using a POST method with the "X-HTTP-Method-Override=PUT" header.*

**Formats**

- XML
- JSON

**Request Headers**

| Header | Description |
| :--- | :--- |
| Authorization | LivePerson appKey=721c180b09eb463d9f3191c41762bb68 |
| Content-Type | application/json |
| Accept | application/json |
| X-HTTP-Method-Override | PUT |

**Parameters**

| Name  | Description | Type/Value |
| :--- | :--- | :--- |
| email | Email address to send the transcript to | String |
| timezoneOffset | [Optional] Offset in milliseconds from GMT. The timestamps in the email will specify this offset to fit the consumer's timezone| number |

Request Body Example:

    {
      "email": "visitorEmail@gmail.com",
      "timezoneOffset": -7200000
    }

### Response

**Response Codes**

| Code | Description |
| :--- | :--- |
| 200 | OK |

Commit message:

LE-78292 Email_Transcript_Documentation Edit text

pages/documents/consumer experience/server-chat/Methods/send-transcript.md, after:

---
title: Send a Transcript
level1: Documents
level2: Consumer Experience
level3: Server Chat API
level4: Methods

order: 170
permalink: consumer-experience-server-chat-send-transcript.html

indicator: chat
---

Sends a transcript of the chat to the visitor's email address.

### Request

| Method | URL |
| :--- | :--- |
| PUT | https://{domain}/api/account/{accountId}/chat/{chatId}/transcriptRequest?v=1&NC=true |

*Currently PUT is supported using a POST method with the "X-HTTP-Method-Override=PUT" header.*

**Formats**

- XML
- JSON

**Request Headers**

| Header | Description |
| :--- | :--- |
| Authorization | LivePerson appKey=721c180b09eb463d9f3191c41762bb68 |
| Content-Type | application/json |
| Accept | application/json |
| X-HTTP-Method-Override | PUT |

**Parameters**

| Name  | Description | Type/Value |
| :--- | :--- | :--- |
| email | Email address to send the transcript to | String |
| timezoneOffset | Note: the chat start and end time displayed to the visitor will reflect the local time in their location. The offset parameter will only affect the value of the GMT offset printed next to the actual chat time (e.g. GMT +02:00).| number |


Request Body Example:

    {
      "email": "visitorEmail@gmail.com",
      "timezoneOffset": -7200000
    }

### Response

**Response Codes**

| Code | Description |
| :--- | :--- |
| 200 | OK |
