### Version 5.0.0
#### iOS Messaging SDK

**Release Date**: October 28, 2019 

##### Environmental Requirements**
The iOS Mobile Messaging SDK version 5.0.0 is supported on iOS versions 11 through 13. It is avaliable on Swift version 5.1.2 (swiftlang-1100.0.278 clang-1100.0.33.9), Swift version 5.1 (swiftlang-1100.0.270.13 clang-1100.0.33.7), and Swift version 5.0.1 (swiftlang-1001.0.82.4 clang-1001.0.46.5). The iOS Mobile Messaging SDK no longer supports iOS 10.  

#### Bugs fixed 
* Fixed issue where Real-time Masking Auto Message is only triggered once. 
* Fixed several issues where a crash could occur in the suspended state.

#### New Features 
* **Dark Mode Support** - The iOS Mobile Messaging SDK Supports Dark Mode for iOS 13.  
For More information see: [Attributes Page](mobile-app-messaging-sdk-for-ios-sdk-attributes-branding-and-configurations.html)
* **Support for Sheets** - The iOS Mobile Messaging SDK supports Sheets and allows for configuration supporting many of the modal presentation views within the SDK.  
* We have changed how we version the iOS SDK. We now follow Apple's standard of using the 'Bundle versions string, short' property for the SDK version. 
* We have updated our default assets within the SDK to support vector representation. 

##### Dark Mode in iOS 13 
We are proud to support dark mode for iOS 13.  We have modified how we use UIColors in the SDK. Alll default colors used are now subclasses of UIColor.  This will lend many benefits for our consumers using these default colors (except for Structured Content messages as explained above).  Additionally, developers who wish to customize the appearance of the iOS Mobile Messaging SDK only need to pass in UIColors supporting UITraitCollection userinterfacestyles `.light` or `.unspecificied` and `.dark` to have the LPConfig attributes support dark mode. This is explained in more detail in the [Attributes Page](mobile-app-messaging-sdk-for-ios-sdk-attributes-branding-and-configurations.html).

##### Modal Sheets in iOS 13
With the update of the modal sheet presentation style in iOS 13 we found it exciting that consumers will have more context about their activity in the iOS Mobile Messaging SDK when filling out a CSAT, selecting media to share, or filling out secure content.  However, we anticipate that not all users want to use the default configuration so we have provided a new API located in the LPConfig object `modalPresentationStyle`.  Our default configuration is `.fullscreen`,  however this can be set to most of the UIPresentationStyles (we do not support `.none` or `.popover`.  If an unsupported value is passed in for this parameter, we will default to `.fullscreen`.   Additionally, because of how the presenting view is kept alive, some behaviors have changed for non `.fullscreen` presentation styles.  We have set the camera view mode to `.fullscreen` following Apple's User Interface guidelines and we do not allow for configuration of this view.  

When CSAT's are dismissed and the consumer is not currently at the bottom of the conversation view, the consumer will no longer be scrolled to the bottom.  Now, consumers will remain where they have navigated to in the history when the CSAT is dismissed.

Finally, when in a modal view and the unread message banner appears in the conversation view, it will not be removed when the modal view activates until the consumer interacts with the conversation by sending a message or reloading the view.  

#### Known Issues 
* **iOS 13 and Structured Content messages**: Currently, structured content message colors are sent from the Conversational Cloud Agent Workspace as hexadecimal colors and we cannot be certain of the appearance setting the consumer will have enabled as the structured content message arrives. Currently the iOS Mobile Messaging SDK does not support converting these colors to an alternate appearance for Dark Mode.  Therefore we ask our customers to ensure that colors selected for the structured content JSON are visually legible for both appearance modes for backgrounds and text within the iOS Mobile Messaging SDK.

* **iOS 13 and Secure Form Navigation Bar**: Currently, due to an updated modal navigation appearance for iOS 13, the custom background color and text color for the `secureFormNavigationBackgroundColor` and `secureFormNavigationTitleColor` attributes may not be applied for iOS 13 if the `modalPresentationStyle` is not set to `.fullscreen`.   

#### Deprecation and Obsoleted API's 
Previously, our deprecated APIs were set to show deprecation version based on the SDK version.  We have changed this to reflect deprecation based on the iOS version that was current at the time of deprecation.  This value is approximate for deprecated APIs that have been deprecated for more than a year. Going forward, we will deprecate based on the current iOS version which should work well with Xcode to notify developers of newly deprecated APIs as we work to improve our code and your developer experience.  Additionally we are now utilizing 'Obsoleted'.  All currently deprecated APIs will be Obsoleted after iOS version 13.3.  


##### LPConfig Obsoleted Properties

* **enableFileSharing** , use *fileSharingFromAgent* instead
* **enablePhotoSharing** , use *fileSharingFromConsumer* instead
* **secureFormUIStatusBarStyleLightContent**, use *secureFormUIStatusBarStyle* instead
* **csatUIStatusBarStyleLightContent**, use *csatUIStatusBarStyle* instead
* **ttrBannerOpacityAlpha**, use supported light/dark colors on 'ttrBannerBackgroundColor' and 'ttrBannerTextColor' instead
* **enableStrucutredContent**, use *enableStructuredContent* instead
* **customButtonIconName**, use *customButtonImage* instead
* **customButtonDescription**, use *customButtonAccessibilityDescription* key in Localization language files instead
* **showUrgentButtonInTTRNotification**, reason Urgent button was excluded from TTR view. Marking conversation as urgent is available now only from the conversation menu.
* **readReceiptTextDistributed**, use *readReceiptTextDistributed* key in Localization language files instead
* **readReceiptTextRead**, use *readReceiptTextRead* key in Localization language files instead
