### Version 5.2.0
#### iOS Messaging SDK

**Release Date**: TBD

##### Environmental Requirements
The iOS Mobile Messaging SDK version 5.1.2 is supported on iOS versions 11 through 13. It is available on Swift version 5.1.3 (swiftlang-1100.0.282.1 clang-1100.0.33.15), and Swift version 5.2 (swiftlang-1103.0.32.1 clang-1103.0.32.29)

#### Bugs fixed 
* Fixed issue where white space between keyboard and message area with SDK embedded in tab bar view controller. 
* Fixed issue where a text typed by the user is shown on the input line place holder ("Write a message").
* Fixed issue where typing indicator misaligned in Consumer text field.
* Fixed issue where CSAT displays no Agent icon where agent icon present for agent.
* Fixed issue where "didFinishWithExpiredToken" not trigger when using Code Flow.
* Fixed issue where showConversation always create a new socket even when get out and get in within the app.
* Fixed issue where the color code of System messages gets reset to default when going back into a conversation.
* Fixed issue where not using device languge until you log out of the SDK and back in.
* Fixed issue where incorrect badge count being saved.
* Fixed issue where creation date is not set when upload files.
* Fixed multiple issues where multiple localization keys are missing.
* Fixed issue where send button label doesn't auto fit with by width.
* Fixed issue where photo sharing screen is blocking host app from popping conversation view controller in the navigation view controller stack.
* Fixed issue where 'scrollToBottomButtonBadgeCornerRadius' is not being reflect on the SDK.
* Fixed issue where inaccurate unread message count between registering and receiving a push notification.
* Fixed issue where case sensitive URLs not working.

##### Accessibility related bugs fixed
* Fixed multiple issues around structured content accessibility with better accessibility labels defined and better scolling behavior within carousel elements.
* Fixed multiple issues around quick reply accessibility with better scolling behavior when quick reply buttons are off the screen.
* Fixed issue where VoiceOver of secure form's header copy is not announced.
* Fixed issue where VoiceOver reads "fill in form" when UI element is not visible when there are two secure forms on the conversation screen.
* Fixed issue around audio sharing. The VoiceOver implementation surrounding the audio sharing feature has been refined to better articulate what the controls will do and keep the user from becoming confused as to their state while recording.
* Fixed issue where attachment button in file sharing is announced as "image" in VoiceOver.
* Fixed issue where in-line text announced as "Button" in VoiceOver but it is not a button in structured content.
* Fixed issue where hyperlink messages from agent is announced as plain text in VoiceOver.
* Fixed issue where multiple new messages are received and VoiceOver only reading the last message received.
* Fixed issue where messages VoiceOver is interrupted by new system messages.

#### New Features 
* **New Logging subsystem** - New Logging subsystem, which introduces: 
  - Granular log level controls can now be set as verbose, purely-informational, or completely-off as you desire.
  - Data Masking feature ensures no sensitive consumer data can be leaked through system logs, even if they're set to Verbose.
Head over [here](mobile-app-messaging-sdk-for-ios-advanced-features-logging.html) to find out more!
* **Playback for Voice messages** - Audio messages can now be stopped and previewed before sending them.
* **Scroll to bottom button** - The width of the "scroll to bottom" button will be auto adjusted based on length of a message text. The button width can be auto adjusted up to half of the device's screen size. This is applicable for both portrait as well as landscape mode.
* **Push registration** - Improved Unread Message Count
  - Get the count of unread messages that are not yet received by the consumer's device. This API returns the count through the provided callback which is a sum of unread messages in the  open as well as closed conversation messages.
  - When there are unread messages waiting for the consumer within the brand app, this information can be pushed to display in the app’s notification badge. Within the app, brands can develop their own visualization of a badge, such as a number, icon or other marker to show unread messages.
  - This API method uses a threshold mechanism of 10 seconds. If this API is called within 10 seconds from the last request was made, the counter will be returned from SDK cache otherwise a new request to the server will be made to fetch the latest count. 
  - Two new APIs ([getUnreadMessagesCount](mobile-app-messaging-sdk-for-ios-sdk-apis-messaging-api.html#getunreadmessagescount) and [isRegisteredForPushNotifications](mobile-app-messaging-sdk-for-ios-sdk-apis-messaging-api.html#isregisteredforpushnotifications)) introduced.
  - Two getUnreadMessagesCount APIs deprecated. For more information, please check [Messaging APIs](mobile-app-messaging-sdk-for-ios-sdk-apis-messaging-api.html) in the Deprecated methods.
#### Known Issues 
* **Lag of scroll upon first load**: When configued the scrolling configuration as "ScrollToBottom", there is a lag between shoing the conversation screen and scrolling to the bottom.

