### Version 6.4.0
#### iOS Messaging SDK

**Release Date**: May 7, 2021

##### Environment requirements

The iOS Mobile Messaging SDK version 6.4.0.787 is supported on iOS versions 12 through 14.

**This XCFramework was compiled with Swift version 5.2.4 (swiftlang-1103.0.32.9 clang-1103.0.32.53) which means it will work Swift version 5.2.4 and above.**

{: .attn-alert}
XCFramework is supported on CocoaPad versions 1.9.0 and greater.

#### Enhancements

Adding a self awareness process to help SDK recover after discovering a corrupted keychain preventing empty bubbles from being shown on the Conversation Screen.

Adding reporting capabilities for Proactive and IVR Deflection to App Messaging feature

#### Bugs fixed

- Fixed the issue when changing value for **maxPreviousConversationToPresent** fails to reflect new value
- Fixed the issue with Video and Voice call invite UI shows square buttons instead of round ones.
- Fixed the issue with VoiceOver focus interaction will read out:
    - error messages from Structured Content.
    - Structured Content buttons as links.
- Fixed the issue with background task on **LPSocket** not ending properly will cause the OS to kill the Host App.
- Fixed the issue with inconsistent scrolling when showing the Conversation Screen.
- Fixed the issue with unread message count banners not shown while in the Conversation Screen.
- Fixed the issue with **LPMessagingSDKAgentDetails** was being called only once per Conversation.
- Fixed the issue where SDK will increase memory footprint when repeatedly opening and closing the Conversation Screen.
- Fixed the issue when failing to access resources from device storage will cause images not to load.

#### New configurations

##### inAppReportingEnabled
Enable or disable sending reporting events for Proactive and IVR Deflection to App Messaging.
- **Type:** Bool
- **Default Value:** true

##### structuredContentLoadingImage
Structured content loading image when images are being fetched/loaded
- **Type:** UIImage?
- **Default Value:** image named LP_LINK_PREVIEW_LOADER_ICON

##### structuredContentBrokenImage
Structured content loading image when images failed to fetched/loaded
- **Type:** UIImage?
- **Default Value:** image named LP_BROKEN_IMAGE