### Version 6.6.0
#### iOS Messaging SDK

**Release Date**: Oct 29, 2021

##### Environmental Requirements
The iOS Mobile Messaging SDK version 6.6.0.809 is supported on iOS versions 13 through 14.

**This XCFramework was compiled with Swift version Apple Swift version 5.2.4 (swiftlang-1103.0.32.9 clang-1103.0.32.53) which means it will work Swift version 5.2.4 and above.**

{: .notice}
XCFramework is supported on CocoaPad versions 1.9.0 and greater.

#### New functionality

##### Appointment List

**Description:**
Enabling Brands to leverage new JSON schema containing appointmentList Action, presenting new UI components on the Conversation Screen allowing to self-serve appointment selections.

{: .warning}
Appointment List JSON schema is only supported on accounts using UMS version 4.2, please contact your LivePerson representative to validate your account qualifies for this feature.

#### Bugs fixed

- Fixed the issue with hyperlink not working on remote message.
- Fixed the issue with screen freezing after resolving conversation.
- Fixed the issue with Unread Message texts not being read by voice over.
- Fixed the issue with the "Loading" message not being read by voice over.
- Fixed the issue with the photo caption name having incorrect role of button.

#### Enhancements

- When the conversation comes from background to foreground, instead of requesting new authentication from IDP, SDK will check if it has a LP_JWT, then will try to connect and let the backend service do the expiration check.

{: .notice}
If the token is not available, will trigger `LPMessagingSDKTokenExpired` or `LPMessagingSDKAuthenticationFailed` delegate accordingly.


#### New Configurations:

##### controllerBubbleHyperlinkColor
- **Description:** Controls text color for hyperlink item on the system messages bubble
- **Type:** UIColor
- **Default Value:** LPColor.lpGray2
- **Available since:** 6.6.0

##### appointmentCustomOutputDateFormat
- **Description:** Default format to present date in output message
- **Type:** String
- **Default Value:** "EEEE, MMMM d"
- **Available since:** 6.6.0

##### appointmentCellSelectedColor
- **Description:** Default color for when user presses and selects a cell from the calendar view
- **Type:** UIColor
- **Default Value:** UIColor.appointmentListCalendarBlueColor
- **Available since:** 6.6.0

##### appointmentSlotImage
- **Description:** Default image for appointment slot image
- **Type:** UIImage
- **Default Value:** image named LP_APPOINTMENT_IMAGE
- **Available since:** 6.6.0

For the complete list of configurations related to the AppointmentList, click [here](mobile-app-messaging-sdk-for-ios-sdk-attributes-branding-and-configurations.html#appointment-list)