### Version 6.7.0
#### iOS Messaging SDK

**Release Date**: Jan 31, 2022

##### Environmental Requirements
The iOS Mobile Messaging SDK version 6.7.0.820 is supported on iOS versions 13 through 15.

**This XCFramework was compiled with Swift version Apple Swift version 5.2.4 (swiftlang-1103.0.32.9 clang-1103.0.32.53) which means it will work Swift version 5.2.4 and above.**

{: .notice}
XCFramework is supported on CocoaPad versions 1.9.0 and greater.

#### Bugs fixed

- Fixed the issue with unread message divider not clearing after consumer responds.
- Fixed the issue with Send Button failed to appear when selecting an image via Photo Sharing feature.
- Fixed the issue with cases when a duplicate header will be display when starting a Conversation.
- Fixed cases when Conversation Screen will have issues scrolling to the right position.

#### Enhancements

##### Clear History Enhancement

**Description:**
SDK will have the capability of clearing the welcome message as well including the history when clicking on clear history. This config will not be in charge of clearing the welcome message when closing the conversation and reopening it.

##### Control History API

When using the Control History API, conversations are filtered in real time based on the parameters provided, once each conversation dialog is closed the Conversation Screen will reflect the changes accordingly.

{: .warning}
To enable displaying the Welcome Message when using this feature, enable the following configuration `enableWelcomeMessageForHistoryControlAPI`, this is only supported when setting `LPConversationsHistoryStateToDisplay.Open`. To see more about how to achieve this visit [link]()

#### New Configurations:

##### enableHideWelcomeMessageOnClearHistory
- **Description:** Show or hide the welcome message when calling the Clear History functionality.
- **Type:** Bool
- **Default Value:** false
- **Available since:** 6.7.0
- **See also:** [Clear History Function](mobile-app-messaging-sdk-for-ios-sdk-apis-messaging-api.html#clearhistory)
- **Limitations:** The history is still available both on the Server and Local Database, and will be loaded next time the Conversation Screen is presented.
 
##### enableWelcomeMessageForHistoryControlAPI
- **Description:** This configuration will only enable showing the Welcome Message when `LPConversationsHistoryStateToDisplay.Open`
- **Type:** Bool
- **Default Value:** false
- **Available since:** 6.7.0
- **See also:** [Control History API](mobile-app-messaging-sdk-for-ios-sdk-apis-control-history-apis.html#optional-code-sample-to-enable-welcome-message)

#### Deprecations

##### maxPreviousConversationsToPresent
- **Description:** Set the max conversations to present on initial load.
- **Type:** Int
- **Default Value:** 2
- **Available until:** 6.6.0
- **Note:** This property is now part of the Control History API via the historyConversationsMaxDays parameter.