### Version 6.9.0
#### iOS Messaging SDK

**Release Date**: August 12, 2022

##### Environment requirements

The iOS Mobile Messaging SDK version 6.9.0.843 is supported on iOS versions 13 through 15.

**This XCFramework was compiled with Swift version Apple Swift version 5.4.2 (swiftlang-1205.0.28.2 clang-1205.0.19.57), which means it will work Swift version 5.4.2 and above.**

{: .notice}
XCFramework is supported on CocoaPad versions 1.9.0 and greater.

#### Bugs fixed

- Certain history control settings no longer result in a blank screen.
- Keychain accessibility is updated to meet apple standards.
- The divider is removed when agents send new messages, and the consumer is at the bottom of the conversation screen.
- Fixed issue where already selected quick replies still had a type of button.
- Fixed an issue where new photos would replace previously sent photos in the conversation screen.
- Fixed an issue that caused the structured content button border not to appear.
- Fixed an issue where specific backgrounding scenarios would prevent the unread message divider from appearing.
- Fixed an issue where quick replies would render more than once beneath each other.
- Fixed an issue where the unread message divider wouldn't appear for messages sent with quick replies.
- Secure forms show the form title now instead of the default title.
- Scroll to bottom button is no longer focusable by a screenreader when it is disabled in the configurations.
- Scroll to bottom button has the correct type of button.

#### Enhancements

- New Arabic string translations have been added, so all strings are now in Arabic.
- Added support for Bluetooth keyboards and key commands for accessibility users.
- The loading screen is now announced for screen reader users.
- Support for future messaging backends increased.

#### New configurations

##### inputTextViewPlaceholderColor
- **Description:** Edit the color of the input text placeholder.
- **Type:** UIColor
- **Default Value:**  nil
- **Available since:** 6.9.0
