pages/documents/RealTimeData/AgentMetricsAPI/Methods/Agent Status.md, before:

---
pagename: Agent Status
redirect_from:
  - data-messaging-interactions-methods-agent-status.html
sitesection: Documents
categoryname: "Real Time Data"
documentname: Agent Metrics API
subfoldername: Methods
order: 10
permalink: agent-metrics-api-methods-agent-status.html

indicator: messaging
---

Returns the current state of logged in agents that are handling messaging conversations with all its related data, including status, number of open conversations, load, skills etc.

**Request**

| Method   |      URL      |
|----------|:-------------:|
| POST |  https://[{domain}](/agent-domain-domain-api.html)/messaging_history/api/account/{accountID}/agent-view/status |

_BODY / POST Parameters_

Filter is sent in the POST data (body) with the following JSON structure:

| Name   |      Description      |  Type/Value | Notes |
|----------|-------------|------|------|
| Status |  List of Agent’s statuses to be filtered  | Array`<String>` | |
| agentIds |    List of agent ids - when provided, data will be returned for the specified agents who are in logged in state. If not provided, data on all logged in agents will be returned.  |   Array`<String>` ||
| skillIds | List of skill ids - when provided, data will be returned for the agents with the specified skills who are in logged in state. |    Array`<String>` ||
| agentGroupIds | List of agent group ids - when provided, data will be returned for the agents that are members of the specified agent groups who are in logged in state.  |    Array`<String>` ||
| agentPresence | Indicates whether the agent is present  | Boolean | If the filter is not provided, a default filter with the value true will be used |
| connectionStates | List of agent connection states  | Array`<String>` | Valid values: CONNECTED or DISCONNECTED |

**Response**

JSON Example:

```json
		        {
			"_metadata": {
				"count": 2,
				"self": {
					"rel": "self",
					"href": "http://va-a.msghist.liveperson.net/messaging_history/api/account/28045150/agent-view/status?limit=50&offset=0"
				},
				"shardsStatusResult": {
					"partialResult": false
				}
			},
			"accountID": "28045150",
			"agentStatusRecords": [
				{
					"agentId": "8",
					"lastUpdatedTimeL": 1490033214963,
					"lastUpdatedTime": "2017-03-20 18:06:54.963+0000",
					"currentStatusStartTimeL": 1490033214963,
					"currentStatusStartTime": "2017-03-20 18:06:54.963+0000",
					"agentName": "lital",
					"agentNickname": "lital",
					"agentLoginName": "litalh@liveperson.com",
					"agentSkills": [
						{
							"skillId": "2",
							"skillName": "cats"
						},
						{
							"skillId": "3",
							"skillName": "lpsocial"
						},
						{
							"skillId": "1",
							"skillName": "dogs"
						}
					],
					"agentGroupId": -1,
					"agentGroupName": "Main Group",
					"currentStatus": "ONLINE",
					"currentStatusDuration": 92854,
					"load": 0,
					"ringingSlots": 0,
					"configuredMaxSlots": 20,
					"busySlots": 0,
					"openAssignedConversations": 0,
					"intenseConversations": 0,
					"agentPresence": "true",
          "currentConnectionState": "CONNECTED"
				},
				{
					"agentId": "7",
					"lastUpdatedTimeL": 1490033214962,
					"lastUpdatedTime": "2017-03-20 18:06:54.962+0000",
					"currentStatusStartTimeL": 1490033214962,
					"currentStatusStartTime": "2017-03-20 18:06:54.962+0000",
					"currentStatusReasonStartTimeL": 1490033214962,
					"currentStatusReasonStartTime": "2017-03-20 18:06:54.962+0000",					
					"agentName": "michal",
					"agentNickname": "michal",
					"agentLoginName": "michal@liveperson.com",
					"agentSkills": [
						{
							"skillId": "2",
							"skillName": "cats"
						}
					],
					"agentGroupId": -1,
					"agentGroupName": "Main Group",
					"currentStatus": "AWAY",
					"currentStatusDuration": 10039,
					"currentStatusReasonDuration": 10039,
					"load": 0,
					"ringingSlots": 0,
					"configuredMaxSlots": 20,
					"busySlots": 0,
					"openAssignedConversations": 0,
					"intenseConversations": 0,
					"agentPresence": "true",
					"currentConnectionState": "CONNECTED"
				}
			]
		}
```

| Name   |      Description      |  Type/Value |
|----------|-------------|------|
| agentId |  Agent’s unique identifier   | alphanumeric |
| lastUpdatedTime | Timestamp for the time the metrics were last updated.  |   alphanumeric (yyyyMMddThh:mm:ss.SSS+time zone) |
| lastUpdatedTimeL | Timestamp for the time the metrics were last updated.  | Longnumeric |
| currentStatusStartTime | Timestamp for the time the current status was last updated.  |   alphanumeric (yyyyMMddThh:mm:ss.SSS+time zone) |
| currentStatusStartTimeL | Timestamp for the time the current status was last updated.  | Longnumeric |
| currentStatusReasonStartTime | Timestamp for the time the reason for the "AWAY" status was last updated.  |   alphanumeric (yyyyMMddThh:mm:ss.SSS+time zone) |
| currentStatusReasonStartTimeL | Timestamp for the time the reason for the "AWAY" status was last updated.  | Longnumeric |
| agentName | The agent's full name | alphanumeric  |
| agentNickname | The agent's nickname | alphanumeric  |
| agentLoginName| The agent’s login name  | alphanumeric   |
| agentPictureURL | URL for the picture of the agent  | alphanumeric|
| agentSkills| List of current agent’s skills  |    Array`<Skill>`  |
| agentGroupId| The agent’s group id |    alphanumeric  |
| agentGroupName| The agent’s group name |    alphanumeric  |
| currentStatus| The agent’s current status (can be ONLINE, AWAY, BACK_SOON, OFFLINE) |    alphanumeric  |
| currentStatusDuration | The duration of the current status (in Milliseconds) |    Longnumeric  |
| currentStatusReason| The id of the reason for the agent’s "AWAY" status |    alphanumeric  |
| currentStatusReasonDuration | The duration of the reason for the "AWAY" status (in Milliseconds) |    Longnumeric  |
| load| Indication for the agent’s efficiency (i.e. the amount of work the agent needs to handle, relative to the maximum capacity). It is the total weight of the assigned conversations divided by the agent’s maximum capacity. This is represented in percentage value. |    alphanumeric  |
| ringingSlots| Number of ringing slots |    alphanumeric  |
| configuredMaxSlots| The agent’s number of configured maximum slots |    alphanumeric  |
| busySlots| The agent’s number of busy slots |    alphanumeric  |
| openAssignedConversations| The agent’s number of open assigned conversations|    alphanumeric  |
| intenseConversations| The agent’s number of intense conversations |    alphanumeric  |
| currentConnectionState | The agent's state (CONNECTED or DISCONNECTED) | alphanumeric |
| agentPresence | Indicator whether the agent is in presence mode ("true" or "false") | alphanumeric |

_Skill_

| Name   |      Description      |  Type/Value |
|----------|-------------|------|
| skillId| Skill’s unique identifier |    alphanumeric  |
| skillName| Skill’s name |    alphanumeric  |

Commit message:

Update Agent Status.md
Please add timestamp, which I was given by R&D as a solution for something I was working on.

pages/documents/RealTimeData/AgentMetricsAPI/Methods/Agent Status.md, after:

---
pagename: Agent Status
redirect_from:
  - data-messaging-interactions-methods-agent-status.html
sitesection: Documents
categoryname: "Real Time Data"
documentname: Agent Metrics API
subfoldername: Methods
order: 10
permalink: agent-metrics-api-methods-agent-status.html

indicator: messaging
---

Returns the current state of logged in agents that are handling messaging conversations with all its related data, including status, number of open conversations, load, skills etc.

**Request**

| Method   |      URL      |
|----------|:-------------:|
| POST |  https://[{domain}](/agent-domain-domain-api.html)/messaging_history/api/account/{accountID}/agent-view/status |

_BODY / POST Parameters_

Filter is sent in the POST data (body) with the following JSON structure:

| Name   |      Description      |  Type/Value | Notes |
|----------|-------------|------|------|
| Status |  List of Agent’s statuses to be filtered  | Array`<String>` | |
| agentIds |    List of agent ids - when provided, data will be returned for the specified agents who are in logged in state. If not provided, data on all logged in agents will be returned.  |   Array`<String>` ||
| skillIds | List of skill ids - when provided, data will be returned for the agents with the specified skills who are in logged in state. |    Array`<String>` ||
| agentGroupIds | List of agent group ids - when provided, data will be returned for the agents that are members of the specified agent groups who are in logged in state.  |    Array`<String>` ||
| agentPresence | Indicates whether the agent is present  | Boolean | If the filter is not provided, a default filter with the value true will be used |
| connectionStates | List of agent connection states  | Array`<String>` | Valid values: CONNECTED or DISCONNECTED |
| timestamp {from} | Epoch | Long - epoch time in milliseconds | Controls how far back to check for connected agents. Default is 5-10 mins unless specified

**Response**

JSON Example:

```json
		        {
			"_metadata": {
				"count": 2,
				"self": {
					"rel": "self",
					"href": "http://va-a.msghist.liveperson.net/messaging_history/api/account/28045150/agent-view/status?limit=50&offset=0"
				},
				"shardsStatusResult": {
					"partialResult": false
				}
			},
			"accountID": "28045150",
			"agentStatusRecords": [
				{
					"agentId": "8",
					"lastUpdatedTimeL": 1490033214963,
					"lastUpdatedTime": "2017-03-20 18:06:54.963+0000",
					"currentStatusStartTimeL": 1490033214963,
					"currentStatusStartTime": "2017-03-20 18:06:54.963+0000",
					"agentName": "lital",
					"agentNickname": "lital",
					"agentLoginName": "litalh@liveperson.com",
					"agentSkills": [
						{
							"skillId": "2",
							"skillName": "cats"
						},
						{
							"skillId": "3",
							"skillName": "lpsocial"
						},
						{
							"skillId": "1",
							"skillName": "dogs"
						}
					],
					"agentGroupId": -1,
					"agentGroupName": "Main Group",
					"currentStatus": "ONLINE",
					"currentStatusDuration": 92854,
					"load": 0,
					"ringingSlots": 0,
					"configuredMaxSlots": 20,
					"busySlots": 0,
					"openAssignedConversations": 0,
					"intenseConversations": 0,
					"agentPresence": "true",
          "currentConnectionState": "CONNECTED"
				},
				{
					"agentId": "7",
					"lastUpdatedTimeL": 1490033214962,
					"lastUpdatedTime": "2017-03-20 18:06:54.962+0000",
					"currentStatusStartTimeL": 1490033214962,
					"currentStatusStartTime": "2017-03-20 18:06:54.962+0000",
					"currentStatusReasonStartTimeL": 1490033214962,
					"currentStatusReasonStartTime": "2017-03-20 18:06:54.962+0000",					
					"agentName": "michal",
					"agentNickname": "michal",
					"agentLoginName": "michal@liveperson.com",
					"agentSkills": [
						{
							"skillId": "2",
							"skillName": "cats"
						}
					],
					"agentGroupId": -1,
					"agentGroupName": "Main Group",
					"currentStatus": "AWAY",
					"currentStatusDuration": 10039,
					"currentStatusReasonDuration": 10039,
					"load": 0,
					"ringingSlots": 0,
					"configuredMaxSlots": 20,
					"busySlots": 0,
					"openAssignedConversations": 0,
					"intenseConversations": 0,
					"agentPresence": "true",
					"currentConnectionState": "CONNECTED"
				}
			]
		}
```

| Name   |      Description      |  Type/Value |
|----------|-------------|------|
| agentId |  Agent’s unique identifier   | alphanumeric |
| lastUpdatedTime | Timestamp for the time the metrics were last updated.  |   alphanumeric (yyyyMMddThh:mm:ss.SSS+time zone) |
| lastUpdatedTimeL | Timestamp for the time the metrics were last updated.  | Longnumeric |
| currentStatusStartTime | Timestamp for the time the current status was last updated.  |   alphanumeric (yyyyMMddThh:mm:ss.SSS+time zone) |
| currentStatusStartTimeL | Timestamp for the time the current status was last updated.  | Longnumeric |
| currentStatusReasonStartTime | Timestamp for the time the reason for the "AWAY" status was last updated.  |   alphanumeric (yyyyMMddThh:mm:ss.SSS+time zone) |
| currentStatusReasonStartTimeL | Timestamp for the time the reason for the "AWAY" status was last updated.  | Longnumeric |
| agentName | The agent's full name | alphanumeric  |
| agentNickname | The agent's nickname | alphanumeric  |
| agentLoginName| The agent’s login name  | alphanumeric   |
| agentPictureURL | URL for the picture of the agent  | alphanumeric|
| agentSkills| List of current agent’s skills  |    Array`<Skill>`  |
| agentGroupId| The agent’s group id |    alphanumeric  |
| agentGroupName| The agent’s group name |    alphanumeric  |
| currentStatus| The agent’s current status (can be ONLINE, AWAY, BACK_SOON, OFFLINE) |    alphanumeric  |
| currentStatusDuration | The duration of the current status (in Milliseconds) |    Longnumeric  |
| currentStatusReason| The id of the reason for the agent’s "AWAY" status |    alphanumeric  |
| currentStatusReasonDuration | The duration of the reason for the "AWAY" status (in Milliseconds) |    Longnumeric  |
| load| Indication for the agent’s efficiency (i.e. the amount of work the agent needs to handle, relative to the maximum capacity). It is the total weight of the assigned conversations divided by the agent’s maximum capacity. This is represented in percentage value. |    alphanumeric  |
| ringingSlots| Number of ringing slots |    alphanumeric  |
| configuredMaxSlots| The agent’s number of configured maximum slots |    alphanumeric  |
| busySlots| The agent’s number of busy slots |    alphanumeric  |
| openAssignedConversations| The agent’s number of open assigned conversations|    alphanumeric  |
| intenseConversations| The agent’s number of intense conversations |    alphanumeric  |
| currentConnectionState | The agent's state (CONNECTED or DISCONNECTED) | alphanumeric |
| agentPresence | Indicator whether the agent is in presence mode ("true" or "false") | alphanumeric |

_Skill_

| Name   |      Description      |  Type/Value |
|----------|-------------|------|
| skillId| Skill’s unique identifier |    alphanumeric  |
| skillName| Skill’s name |    alphanumeric  |
