pages/index.md, before:

---
pagename: Welcome Developers!
sitesection: Documents
categoryname: "Welcome"
permalink: index.html
indicator: both
---


{: .important}
At the end of Q1 2019, **LivePerson plans to deprecate all support for TLS 1.0 and 1.1**. If you still use these protocols, an upgrade to TLS 1.2 or higher on your end is required to ensure continued support of all LivePerson services.

The LiveEngage platform offers a messaging solution that you can harness and enhance by integrating LiveEngage with your native app, customizing LiveEngage reports or creating new reports, and building or integrating workspace widgets.   

Our APIs configure and manipulate LiveEngage features and capabilities. To use these APIs, you must make sure to configure your LiveEngage account to access these features. For example, if you want to use the Agent Messaging SDK to connect a bot, then your account must support bot users.  Contact your account or LivePerson Support to check the enabled features of your account.  

Most user actions within LiveEngage can be performed programmatically using the REST API; some of the key categories are:

- **Login Service API** for logging into LiveEngage as a user with credentials or an application with an API key. After logging in, you receive a session token (Bearer) to use for other related API calls.
  
- **Domain API** for returning the base domain of LivePerson, which is used in the APIs outlined in the documentation.

- **Retry and KeepAlive** for sending period requests to keep your session alive. When you add a retry mechanism for API calls, you increase the reliability and stability of your application. 

- **Engagement attributes** for collecting specific information such as product viewed, purchase information, errors the visitor encountered, and search results. LiveEngage provides out-of-the-box information for the visitor’s geolocation, the amount of time spent on a page, and the pages they viewed. 

- **Data APIs** for retrieving your contact center’s information, types of conversations, and messaging transcripts. 

- **Bot connectors** for integrating third-party messaging platforms and LiveEngage.  Bot connectors send/receive text messages, send structured content, transfer the conversation to other skills, change Time To Response, and close a conversation. 


<p style="text-align: right">
<a href="before-you-get-started-let-s-get-started.html"><img src="../img/btn-lets-get-started.png"></a></p>


---  

### Common use cases
To better understand our documentation, APIs, and LiveEngage platform, we’ve listed our common use cases with entry points into the documentation to help you start building an API client. If, however, you can’t find the project you had in mind, reach out to Dev Support for guidance. 


#### Integrate LiveEngage with your native app

You can integrate LiveEnage with iOS and Android apps.  When you implement the Mobile Messaging SDK and it’s Monitoring APIs, brands can create and manage digital engagements.  Additionally, customers can communicate with the brand’s agents through their channel of choice.  

With mobile messaging integrated into your app, customer satisfaction increases because of the ideal customer experience through an always connected, ongoing conversation. 

To integrate LiveEngage with your native app, you must implement several main components:

1. Deploy all required customization, which you can find in the …
2. Configure push notifications
3. Configure authentication. LivePerson only supports OAuth 2.0 and OpenID Connect standards, via a JSON Web Token (JWT).  

[I need a new overview topic for the Mobile SDK, currently, it’s marketing material.]


#### Customize LiveEngage reports or create new ones

Working with historical data APIs, brands can address specific goals and KPIs by accessing their entire raw data.  Brands can use this data in data warehouse systems as well as create customized reports.  

Some of the key use cases are:
- **Retrieve up to 13 months of historical conversations**, both metadata and content for a specific consumer using the [Consumer Messaging History API](https://developers.liveperson.com/consumer-messaging-history-api-overview.html). This API is based on the REST architecture and supports the HTTPS GET protocol. All retrieved data is returned in JSON format. This API supports CORS which enables cross-domain data transfers. 

- **Retrieve agent activity data per region and review agent utilization** using the [Data Access API](https://developers.liveperson.com/data-access-api-overview.html). The brand can integrate the data with specific regional information from their workforce management system. This API is based on the REST architecture style and supports the HTTPS GET protocol (data retrieval), all retrieved data is returned in JSON format. 

- **Search, filter and keep copies of chat transcripts and related data**, for example surveys, using the [Engagement History API](https://developers.liveperson.com/engagement-history-api-overview.html).  You can  integrate and further analyze their data with third-party tools like DWH and CRM systems. This API is based on the REST architecture style.

- **Retrieve the most up-to-date information available about contact center messaging interactions** using the [Messaging Interactions API](https://developers.liveperson.com/messaging-interactions-api-overview.html). This API makes it possible to search, filter and analyze data and transcripts of open and closed conversations. This API supports the HTTP POST functionality (data retrieval), and all data is returned in JSON format.

- **Comply with the GDPR** and permanently delete any personal data that the consumer requests to be deleted using the [Personal Data Deletion API](https://developers.liveperson.com/personal-data-deletion-api-overview.html). Once the data has been deleted there is no way to restore it. This API is not meant for massive deletion of data, there is an internal mechanism which will protect the system from such misuse of the API.


#### Build or integrate workspace widgets

[in progress]

---  

### Major Flows

#### Login 
The Login Service API provides endpoints to manage the User Session in LiveEngage, such as User Login, Application Login, Logout and Refresh. Use this API to log into LiveEngage as a user with credentials or an application with an API key. After logging in, you receive a session token (Bearer) to use for other related API calls.

<p style="text-align: right">
<a href="login-service-api-overview.html" center><img src="../img/btn-view-login-service-api.png" class="center"></a></p>


#### Authentication
All authenticated information is encrypted and transferred over SSL, using the OAuth 2.0 and OpenID Connect standards, via a JSON Web Token.  Encryption ensures that your customer's data stays safe and unable to be manipulated.

<p style="text-align: right">
<a href="essential-resources-authentication.html" center><img src="../img/btn-view-auth-docs.png"></a></p>

#### Monitoring

[in progress]

#### Analytics

[in progress]

Commit message:

added the workspace widget sdk integration summary description to the new Welcome page

pages/index.md, after:

---
pagename: Welcome Developers!
sitesection: Documents
categoryname: "Welcome"
permalink: index.html
indicator: both
---


{: .important}
At the end of Q1 2019, **LivePerson plans to deprecate all support for TLS 1.0 and 1.1**. If you still use these protocols, an upgrade to TLS 1.2 or higher on your end is required to ensure continued support of all LivePerson services.

The LiveEngage platform offers a messaging solution that you can harness and enhance by integrating LiveEngage with your native app, customizing LiveEngage reports or creating new reports, and building or integrating workspace widgets.   

Our APIs configure and manipulate LiveEngage features and capabilities. To use these APIs, you must make sure to configure your LiveEngage account to access these features. For example, if you want to use the Agent Messaging SDK to connect a bot, then your account must support bot users.  Contact your account or LivePerson Support to check the enabled features of your account.  

Most user actions within LiveEngage can be performed programmatically using the REST API; some of the key categories are:

- **Login Service API** for logging into LiveEngage as a user with credentials or an application with an API key. After logging in, you receive a session token (Bearer) to use for other related API calls.
  
- **Domain API** for returning the base domain of LivePerson, which is used in the APIs outlined in the documentation.

- **Retry and KeepAlive** for sending period requests to keep your session alive. When you add a retry mechanism for API calls, you increase the reliability and stability of your application. 

- **Engagement attributes** for collecting specific information such as product viewed, purchase information, errors the visitor encountered, and search results. LiveEngage provides out-of-the-box information for the visitor’s geolocation, the amount of time spent on a page, and the pages they viewed. 

- **Data APIs** for retrieving your contact center’s information, types of conversations, and messaging transcripts. 

- **Bot connectors** for integrating third-party messaging platforms and LiveEngage.  Bot connectors send/receive text messages, send structured content, transfer the conversation to other skills, change Time To Response, and close a conversation. 


<p style="text-align: right">
<a href="before-you-get-started-let-s-get-started.html"><img src="../img/btn-lets-get-started.png"></a></p>


---  

### Common use cases
To better understand our documentation, APIs, and LiveEngage platform, we’ve listed our common use cases with entry points into the documentation to help you start building an API client. If, however, you can’t find the project you had in mind, reach out to Dev Support for guidance. 


#### Integrate LiveEngage with your native app

You can integrate your native iOS or Android app with LiveEnage using the Mobile Messaging SDK.  When you implement SDK this and it's APIs, brands can create and manage digital engagements.  Additionally, customers can communicate with the brand's agents through their channel of choice. For more information, refer to the Mobile Messaging SDK for [Android](mobile-app-messaging-sdk-for-android-overview.html) or [iOS](mobile-app-messaging-sdk-for-ios-overview.html).


#### Customize LiveEngage reports or create new ones

Working with historical data APIs, brands can address specific goals and KPIs by accessing their entire raw data.  Brands can use this data in data warehouse systems as well as create customized reports.  

Some of the key use cases are:
- **Retrieve up to 13 months of historical conversations**, both metadata and content for a specific consumer using the [Consumer Messaging History API](https://developers.liveperson.com/consumer-messaging-history-api-overview.html). This API is based on the REST architecture and supports the HTTPS GET protocol. All retrieved data is returned in JSON format. This API supports CORS which enables cross-domain data transfers. 

- **Retrieve agent activity data per region and review agent utilization** using the [Data Access API](https://developers.liveperson.com/data-access-api-overview.html). The brand can integrate the data with specific regional information from their workforce management system. This API is based on the REST architecture style and supports the HTTPS GET protocol (data retrieval), all retrieved data is returned in JSON format. 

- **Search, filter and keep copies of chat transcripts and related data**, for example surveys, using the [Engagement History API](https://developers.liveperson.com/engagement-history-api-overview.html).  You can  integrate and further analyze their data with third-party tools like DWH and CRM systems. This API is based on the REST architecture style.

- **Retrieve the most up-to-date information available about contact center messaging interactions** using the [Messaging Interactions API](https://developers.liveperson.com/messaging-interactions-api-overview.html). This API makes it possible to search, filter and analyze data and transcripts of open and closed conversations. This API supports the HTTP POST functionality (data retrieval), and all data is returned in JSON format.

- **Comply with the GDPR** and permanently delete any personal data that the consumer requests to be deleted using the [Personal Data Deletion API](https://developers.liveperson.com/personal-data-deletion-api-overview.html). Once the data has been deleted there is no way to restore it. This API is not meant for massive deletion of data, there is an internal mechanism which will protect the system from such misuse of the API.


#### Build or integrate workspace widgets

You can integrate your application with the LiveEngage Agent Workspace using the [Agent Workspace Widget SDK](agent-workspace-widget-sdk-overview.html), which is a lightweight, client-side communication package. The Agent Workspace Widget connects with visitors and handles multiple concurrent connections from one central console, by opening applications directly within the Agent Workspace. 

When you implement this SDK and it’s APIs, brands have two-way communication between LiveEngage and external applications and they receive more in-depth information about their visitors so they can assist them more effectively and efficiently. Brands also have the ability to send conversation lines directly from the application, and the ability to transfer the conversation transcript automatically to the external application. 

You can also use the [Engagement Window Widget SDK](engagement-window-widget-sdk-overview.html) with the Agent Workspace Widget SDK that allows rich media to be shared between the customer and the agent. Using unique session IDs, an external platform facilitates a direct connection between the two SDKs, providing a seamless widget integration framework.


---  

### Major Flows

#### Login 
The Login Service API provides endpoints to manage the User Session in LiveEngage, such as User Login, Application Login, Logout and Refresh. Use this API to log into LiveEngage as a user with credentials or an application with an API key. After logging in, you receive a session token (Bearer) to use for other related API calls.

<p style="text-align: right">
<a href="login-service-api-overview.html" center><img src="../img/btn-view-login-service-api.png" class="center"></a></p>


#### Authentication
All authenticated information is encrypted and transferred over SSL, using the OAuth 2.0 and OpenID Connect standards, via a JSON Web Token.  Encryption ensures that your customer's data stays safe and unable to be manipulated.

<p style="text-align: right">
<a href="essential-resources-authentication.html" center><img src="../img/btn-view-auth-docs.png"></a></p>

#### Monitoring

[in progress]

#### Analytics

[in progress]
