---
title: Notification Protocol
level1:
level2: Consumer Experience
level3: Connector API
level4: Webhooks
order: 30
indicator: both
permalink: webhooks-security.html
---

### Protocol and Security

* The WH notifications are sent as (REST) POST requests in the HTTP protocol over SSL only (HTTPS). Therefore, the application endpoint is required to be setup with a valid web-server SSL certificate.

* Each WH notification request includes LivePerson standard headers which have the header name prefix of “**x-liveperson-**”.  

* The application endpoint is expected to immediately respond to each a notification request. A response delay of over 10 seconds will lead to a WH (client-side) timeout of that notification request.

* The application endpoint is expected to respond with either a 200 or 201 response code to each a notification request. Any other response code will be considered as a notification request failure.

### Authentication

* Each webhook call will contain the following authentication headers:

  * **x-liveperson-account-id**: The unique LivePerson account identifier. Can be used to differentiate registration of different account, when the same url is used for multiple accounts.

  * **x-liveperson-client-id**: The unique client application identifier. The client_id that the consumer receives from their account manager after the App Installation process.

  * **x-liveperson-signature**: A token generated by signing the payload using the client-secret. A SHA1 signature of the payload and the **client_secret** (given by the account manager in the Application Installation process) preceded with “sha1=”. Here is an example how to calculate this signature in Java:

  ```java
    {
    Mac mac = Mac.getInstance("HmacSHAl"); 
    mac.init(**new** SecretKeySpec(
          "THE_CLIENT_SECRET".getBytes(MUTF-8"),
          "HmacSHAl"));
          System.out.println(Base64.getEncoder().encode(mac.doFinal("message payload".getBytes(“UTF-8“))))
          }
  ```
