pages/documents/ContactCenterManagement/SkillsAPI/Appendix/appendix.md, before:

---
pagename: Appendix
redirect_from:
  - administration-skills-appendix.html
keywords:
sitesection: Documents
categoryname: "Contact Center Management"
documentname: Skills API


order: 100
permalink: skills-api-appendix.html

indicator: both
---

This section contains API details that are common to every API’s resource and action.

### Request Headers

| Header | Description |
| :-------- | :------------ |
| Authorization | Contains token string to allow request authentication and authorization. |
| If-Match | Contains data revision as known by the client. Allows to optimize the backend, networking and client resources utilization. |

### Response Headers

| Header | Description |
| :-------- | :------------ |
| eTag | Account config object type collection revision. |
| location | URI Location of the newly created resource. This header is included only when the request created single object. |

**Query Parameters**

| Parameter | Description | Notes | Required |
| :------------ | :------------ | :------- | :--- |
| v | API version number | Type: Double. Default Value: 1.0 (Most updated: v=4.0) | Required |
| select | Dynamic selection of the response fields | Type: YOGA 'gdata' dialect. Non-existing field: no error, blank in response. Supported fields: Any in response body. **yoga GData dialect builder url: https://github.com/skyscreamer/yoga/wiki/Using-the-Selector-Builder-GUI | Optional |
| include_deleted | Whether or not deleted items in the response are included | Default: false | Optional |

### Path Parameters

| Parameter | Description | Type |
| :----------- | :------------  | :----- |
| accountId | LP site ID | String  |
| userId | User ID | Positive long number greater than zero |
| skillId | Skill ID | Positive long number greater than zero |
| agentGroupId | Agent group ID | Positive long number greater than zero |

### Entity Structure

| Attribute | Description | Type/Value | Required | Notes |
| :--------- | :-------------- | :----------- | :--- | :--- |
| id | Account Config object’s unique ID | Long | Read only |  |
| deleted | Whether the item is deleted or not | Boolean | Read only | |
| name | Skill’s unique name | String | Required | |
| description | The skill’s description | String | Optional | |
| skillOrder | The skill’s order | int (number) | Optional | |
| maxWaitTime | The skill’s max wait time. | int (number) |  Optional |  Defaults to 120 |
| defaultPostChatSurveyId | The default post chat survey id | String | Optional | |
| defaultOfflineSurveyId | The default offline chat survey id | String | Optional | |
| defaultAgentSurveyId | The default agent chat survey id | String | Optional | |
| dateUpdated | The last update user change date.  | Date (numbers) | Optional | The format: year-month-date hrs:min:sec |
| skillRoutingConfiguration | For each agent group the parameters of the percentage and priority split routing. | TreeSet | Optional | If priority is not in use, pass 1 as value. |
| agentGroupId | Agent group ID for which we are specifying the priority and splitPercentage. | String | Required | AgentGroupId must already exist in account config. <br> Required if skillRoutingConfiguration specified.  |
| priority | Routing cascading order if agent group is in full capacity, first to priority 1 then to 2 then to 3 then to …. n. | number | Required | Required if skillRoutingConfiguration specified. |
| splitPercentage | Split of chats to provide for each chat center (agent group). | number | Required | Required if skillRoutingConfiguration specified.
| wrapUpTime | The period of time between the end of the chat and until the agent will receive the new chat | Integer | Optional | this feature is within the ACD settings |
| slaDefaultResponseTime | Default response time for all conversations in messaging per skill | Integer | Optional | |
| slaUrgentResponseTime | Urgent response time is after consumer marked a conversation as urgent | Integer | Optional | |
| slaFirstTimeResponseTime | First time response time in first conversation of a new consumer | Integer | Optional | |
| lobIds | The skill's Lines Of Business IDs | List<Long> | Optional |  |
| canTransfer | Whether the skill can transfer to other skills | Boolean  | Optional | Default: true. If false can only transfer to itself (requeue) |
| skillTransferList | The list of Skill ids to which this skill can transfer conversations | List <Long> | Optional | Default: null (i.e. skill can transfer to all skills) |
| workingHoursId | working hours ID | Long | Optional ||
| specialOccasionId | special occasion ID | Long | Optional ||
| postConversationSurveyAppInstallAssociationId | post conversation survey with app install association ID | String | Optional ||

### Entity Example

```json
    {  
          "id":326244912,
          "skillOrder":0,
          "description":"skillDescription",
          "workingHoursId": 2859745012,
          "specialOccasionId": 2861462812,
          "name":"skillName1448453890425",
          "maxWaitTime":0,
          "deleted":true,
          "dateUpdated":"2015-11-25 14:18:11",
          "canTransfer": true,
          "skillTransferList": [
            2286661812,
            2286661912
          ],
          "lobIds": [
            766661812
          ],
          "skillRoutingConfiguration":[  
             {  
                "priority":1,
                "splitPercentage":10,
                "agentGroupId":326244812
             },
             {  
                "priority":2,
                "splitPercentage":20,
                "agentGroupId":326244812
             }
          ]
        }
```

Commit message:

update the additional fields we've added on Skill

pages/documents/ContactCenterManagement/SkillsAPI/Appendix/appendix.md, after:

---
pagename: Appendix
redirect_from:
  - administration-skills-appendix.html
keywords:
sitesection: Documents
categoryname: "Contact Center Management"
documentname: Skills API


order: 100
permalink: skills-api-appendix.html

indicator: both
---

This section contains API details that are common to every API’s resource and action.

### Request Headers

| Header | Description |
| :-------- | :------------ |
| Authorization | Contains token string to allow request authentication and authorization. |
| If-Match | Contains data revision as known by the client. Allows to optimize the backend, networking and client resources utilization. |

### Response Headers

| Header | Description |
| :-------- | :------------ |
| eTag | Account config object type collection revision. |
| location | URI Location of the newly created resource. This header is included only when the request created single object. |

**Query Parameters**

| Parameter | Description | Notes | Required |
| :------------ | :------------ | :------- | :--- |
| v | API version number | Type: Double. Default Value: 1.0 (Most updated: v=4.0) | Required |
| select | Dynamic selection of the response fields | Type: YOGA 'gdata' dialect. Non-existing field: no error, blank in response. Supported fields: Any in response body. **yoga GData dialect builder url: https://github.com/skyscreamer/yoga/wiki/Using-the-Selector-Builder-GUI | Optional |
| include_deleted | Whether or not deleted items in the response are included | Default: false | Optional |

### Path Parameters

| Parameter | Description | Type |
| :----------- | :------------  | :----- |
| accountId | LP site ID | String  |
| userId | User ID | Positive long number greater than zero |
| skillId | Skill ID | Positive long number greater than zero |
| agentGroupId | Agent group ID | Positive long number greater than zero |

### Entity Structure

| Attribute | Description | Type/Value | Required | Notes |
| :--------- | :-------------- | :----------- | :--- | :--- |
| id | Account Config object’s unique ID | Long | Read only |  |
| deleted | Whether the item is deleted or not | Boolean | Read only | |
| name | Skill’s unique name | String | Required | |
| description | The skill’s description | String | Optional | |
| skillOrder | The skill’s order | int (number) | Optional | |
| maxWaitTime | The skill’s max wait time. | int (number) |  Optional |  Defaults to 120 |
| defaultPostChatSurveyId | The default post chat survey id | String | Optional | |
| defaultOfflineSurveyId | The default offline chat survey id | String | Optional | |
| defaultAgentSurveyId | The default agent chat survey id | String | Optional | |
| dateUpdated | The last update user change date.  | Date (numbers) | Optional | The format: year-month-date hrs:min:sec |
| skillRoutingConfiguration | For each agent group the parameters of the percentage and priority split routing. | TreeSet | Optional | If priority is not in use, pass 1 as value. |
| agentGroupId | Agent group ID for which we are specifying the priority and splitPercentage. | String | Required | AgentGroupId must already exist in account config. <br> Required if skillRoutingConfiguration specified.  |
| priority | Routing cascading order if agent group is in full capacity, first to priority 1 then to 2 then to 3 then to …. n. | number | Required | Required if skillRoutingConfiguration specified. |
| splitPercentage | Split of chats to provide for each chat center (agent group). | number | Required | Required if skillRoutingConfiguration specified.
| wrapUpTime | The period of time between the end of the chat and until the agent will receive the new chat | Integer | Optional | this feature is within the ACD settings |
| slaDefaultResponseTime | Default response time for all conversations in messaging per skill | Integer | Optional | |
| slaUrgentResponseTime | Urgent response time is after consumer marked a conversation as urgent | Integer | Optional | |
| slaFirstTimeResponseTime | First time response time in first conversation of a new consumer | Integer | Optional | |
| lobIds | The skill's Lines Of Business IDs | List<Long> | Optional |  |
| canTransfer | Whether the skill can transfer to other skills | Boolean  | Optional | Default: true. If false can only transfer to itself (requeue) |
| skillTransferList | The list of Skill ids to which this skill can transfer conversations | List <Long> | Optional | Default: null (i.e. skill can transfer to all skills) |
| workingHoursId | working hours ID | Long | Optional ||
| specialOccasionId | special occasion ID | Long | Optional ||
| postConversationSurveyAppInstallAssociationId | post conversation survey with app install association ID | String | Optional ||
| autoCloseInSeconds | Set auto-close per skill in seconds | Integer | Optional ||
| transferToAgentMaxWaitInSeconds | Maximum wait time for transferred conversation to wait in queue for the assigned agent | Integer | Optional ||
| fallbackSkill | Allowed fallback skill for this skill | Long | Optional ||
| fallbackWhenAllAgentsAreAway | Setting per skill whether or not to use fallback skill when all agents are away | Boolean | Optional | Default: true |

### Entity Example

```json
    {  
          "id":326244912,
          "skillOrder":0,
          "description":"skillDescription",
          "workingHoursId": 2859745012,
          "specialOccasionId": 2861462812,
          "name":"skillName1448453890425",
          "maxWaitTime":0,
          "deleted":true,
          "dateUpdated":"2015-11-25 14:18:11",
          "canTransfer": true,
          "skillTransferList": [
            2286661812,
            2286661912
          ],
          "lobIds": [
            766661812
          ],
          "skillRoutingConfiguration":[  
             {  
                "priority":1,
                "splitPercentage":10,
                "agentGroupId":326244812
             },
             {  
                "priority":2,
                "splitPercentage":20,
                "agentGroupId":326244812
             }
          ]
        }
```
