pages/documents/MessagingChannels/AppleBusinessChatSDK/Implementation.md, before:

---
pagename: Implementation
redirect_from:
Keywords:
sitesection: Documents
categoryname: "Messaging Channels"
documentname: Apple Business Chat SDK
permalink: apple-business-chat-sdk-implementation.html
indicator: messaging
---

### Initializing the SDK

This method initializes the SDK. 

```swift
LPABCSDK.initializeSDK() // default minimumLogLevel will be .info and enableLog will be true

LPABCSDK.initializeSDK(minimumLogLevel: .trace, enableLog: false)
```

### Update the SDK with Incoming CIM 

Upon an agent sending a [Custom Interactive Message (CIM)](apple-business-chat-templates-custom-interactive-message-template.html) to the consumer, this method will update the SDK with a payload that will enable SDE reporting to LiveEngage.

```swift
lpabcsdk.update(withIncomingInteractiveMessage: conversation)

lpabcsdk.update(withIncomingInteractiveMessage: conversation, message: message)

```

Should be implemented from both override functions:
- `didBecomeActive(with conversation: MSConversation)`
- `didReceive(_ message: MSMessage, conversation: MSConversation)`

in the iMessage extension `MSMessagesAppViewController`

See [step 6 of Installation for more](apple-business-chat-sdk-installation.html#sdk-installation-in-xcode).

### Create SDEs

When you create one or more SDEs, they get added to a Stack that the framework manages for you.

The `createSDE` function generates and calls back an SDEBase object with a template of the relevant SDE type as its property, which then needs to implement a 'setup' function.

Pass in the [SDE type](engagement-attributes-types-of-engagement-attributes.html) that you want, and it will return an SDEBase object containing an instantiated property of the relevant SDE template object.

All dependant schema objects could be initiated and passed in as arguments to the SDE setup 

Inside of the completion callback, on the sde setup method, it is required to define the relevant params to initiate the sde.

Example 1: 

```swift
lpabcsdk.createSDE(sdeType: .visitorError) { (sdeBase) in
    sdeBase.visitorError?.setup(
        contextId: "<CONTEXID>",
        message: "<MESSAGE>",
        code: "<CODE>",
        level: 0,
        resolved: true
    )
}
```

Example 2:

```swift
lpabcsdk.createSDE(sdeType: .cartUpdate) { (sdeBase) in
    //Create a product:
    let product = SDEProduct.init(
        name: "<>", 
        category: "<>", 
        sku: "<>", 
        price: 100, 
        quantity: 3
    )
    
    //Setup the sde:
    sdeBase.cartUpdate?.setup(
        total: 100, 
        currency: "<>", 
        numItems: 1, 
        products: [product]
    )
}
```

The SDE `setup` call could also be created using 'LPUnifiedLooseSDEProtocol', as **json** string or **Dictionary** object:
	  
Example:

```swift
sdeBase.setupWithJson("{\"type\":\"ctmrinfo\"}")
sdeBase.setupWithJson(["type":"cart"])
```

#### Auto Send Aggregated Stack

The optional `aggregate` parameter, when set to true, will add the sde to the **aggregateStack** which will get **sent automatically** once the [aggregation stack timeout](#Aggregated-SDE-Stack-Timeout) is met. Default is 5 sec but could be anything between 1-15 sec. See `setAggregatedInterval(interval:)`

Example:

```swift
lpabcsdk.createSDE(sdeType: .customerInfo, aggregate: true) { (sdeBase) in
    sdeBase.customerInfo?.setup(
        cstatus: "<cstatus>",
        ctype: "<ctype>",
        balance: 10,
        currency: "<currency>",
        socialId: "<socialId>",
        imei: "<imei>",
        userName: "<userName>",
        companySize: 30,
        companyBranch: "<companyBranch>",
        accountName: "<accountName>",
        role: "<role>",
        loginStatus: 0,
        storeZipCode: "<storeZipCode>",
        storeNumber: "<storeNumber>",
        lastPaymentDate: SDEDate.init(
            day: 23, 
            month: 4, 	
            year: 2019
        ),
        registrationDate: nil
    )
}
```

### Sending SDE

In order to **manually** send the SDE Stack, use the following:

```swift
lpabcsdk.sendSDEStack()

// or using completion callbacks:
lpabcsdk.sendSDEStack(onSuccess: { (success) in
    // success block
}) { (error) in
    // error block
}
```

### Aggregated SDE Stack Timeout

This will setup a timeout interval for auto sending the aggregated SDE stack (optional). Default is 5 seconds and Max is 15.

```swift
lpabcsdk.setAggregatedInterval(interval:15)
```

See the [Auto Send aggregated](#Auto-Send-Aggregated) optional parameter in [Create SDEs](#create-sdes).

### Aggregated SDE Stack Send Completion Closure

If you want to execute code whenever the Aggregated SDE Stack auto send completes, implement the `aggregatedSDEStackCompletion` closure:

```swift
lpabcsdk.aggregatedSDEStackCompletion = {  completion, error in
    // debug code
}

```

### Implicit Event Callback

Some consumer actions can trigger an implicit SDE flow (eg. a new conversation starts). If you would like to send an SDE upon one of these events triggering, you can do so by implenting the `implicitSDEClosure` method.

```swift
lpabcsdk.implicitSDEClosure = { implicitEventCallbackType in 
    // implement 
}
```

- `ImplicitEventCallbackType` - Indicates the type of implicit event that is being called back from the implicitSDEClosure. 

- `implicitSDEClosure` - Invoked when a qualifying event is met, and callback the type of that event 


You can set the desired SDEs to express your custom reporting for the  event triggered. 

**Supported Event Types**:
    - `newConversation` - Receiving an **incoming (agent to consumer)**, new first time CIM - per conversation.

Example:

```swift
lpabcsdk.implicitSDEClosure = { implicitType in 
    switch implicitType {
        case .newConversation:
            // Create and send desired SDE
    }
}
```

### Reply CIM from Consumer to Agent

An agent can recieve back from the consumer a Custom Interactive Message with contextual text. This text can be displayed to the agent in the LiveEngage workspace.

For example, if the consumer selects a product inside of your iMessage app, the Agent can see which product they selected via the `textContent` of this method.

```swift
// create MSMessage object

lpabcsdk.appendReplayMessagePayload(message: MSMessage, textContext: String)

// send MSMessage object
```

Pass in the initiated MSMessage object, and the desired textual String.

Commit message:

refactor 'initialize' added synchronize function for Host app background/forground sync

pages/documents/MessagingChannels/AppleBusinessChatSDK/Implementation.md, after:

---
pagename: Implementation
redirect_from:
Keywords:
sitesection: Documents
categoryname: "Messaging Channels"
documentname: Apple Business Chat SDK
permalink: apple-business-chat-sdk-implementation.html
indicator: messaging
---

### Initializing the SDK

This method initializes the SDK. 

```swift
LPABCSDK.initialize() // default minimumLogLevel will be .info and enableLog will be true

LPABCSDK.initialize(minimumLogLevel: .trace, enableLog: false)
```

### Update the SDK with Incoming CIM 

Upon an agent sending a [Custom Interactive Message (CIM)](apple-business-chat-templates-custom-interactive-message-template.html) to the consumer, this method will update the SDK with a payload that will enable SDE reporting to LiveEngage.

```swift
lpabcsdk.update(withIncomingInteractiveMessage: conversation)

lpabcsdk.update(withIncomingInteractiveMessage: conversation, message: message)

```

Should be implemented from both override functions:
- `didBecomeActive(with conversation: MSConversation)`
- `didReceive(_ message: MSMessage, conversation: MSConversation)`

in the iMessage extension `MSMessagesAppViewController`

See [step 6 of Installation for more](apple-business-chat-sdk-installation.html#sdk-installation-in-xcode).

### Create SDEs

When you create one or more SDEs, they get added to a Stack that the framework manages for you.

The `createSDE` function generates and calls back an SDEBase object with a template of the relevant SDE type as its property, which then needs to implement a 'setup' function.

Pass in the [SDE type](engagement-attributes-types-of-engagement-attributes.html) that you want, and it will return an SDEBase object containing an instantiated property of the relevant SDE template object.

All dependant schema objects could be initiated and passed in as arguments to the SDE setup 

Inside of the completion callback, on the sde setup method, it is required to define the relevant params to initiate the sde.

Example 1: 

```swift
lpabcsdk.createSDE(sdeType: .visitorError) { (sdeBase) in
    sdeBase.visitorError?.setup(
        contextId: "<CONTEXID>",
        message: "<MESSAGE>",
        code: "<CODE>",
        level: 0,
        resolved: true
    )
}
```

Example 2:

```swift
lpabcsdk.createSDE(sdeType: .cartUpdate) { (sdeBase) in
    //Create a product:
    let product = SDEProduct.init(
        name: "<>", 
        category: "<>", 
        sku: "<>", 
        price: 100, 
        quantity: 3
    )
    
    //Setup the sde:
    sdeBase.cartUpdate?.setup(
        total: 100, 
        currency: "<>", 
        numItems: 1, 
        products: [product]
    )
}
```

The SDE `setup` call could also be created using 'LPUnifiedLooseSDEProtocol', as **json** string or **Dictionary** object:
	  
Example:

```swift
sdeBase.setupWithJson("{\"type\":\"ctmrinfo\"}")
sdeBase.setupWithJson(["type":"cart"])
```

#### Auto Send Aggregated Stack

The optional `aggregate` parameter, when set to true, will add the sde to the **aggregateStack** which will get **sent automatically** once the [aggregation stack timeout](#Aggregated-SDE-Stack-Timeout) is met. Default is 5 sec but could be anything between 1-15 sec. See `setAggregatedInterval(interval:)`

Example:

```swift
lpabcsdk.createSDE(sdeType: .customerInfo, aggregate: true) { (sdeBase) in
    sdeBase.customerInfo?.setup(
        cstatus: "<cstatus>",
        ctype: "<ctype>",
        balance: 10,
        currency: "<currency>",
        socialId: "<socialId>",
        imei: "<imei>",
        userName: "<userName>",
        companySize: 30,
        companyBranch: "<companyBranch>",
        accountName: "<accountName>",
        role: "<role>",
        loginStatus: 0,
        storeZipCode: "<storeZipCode>",
        storeNumber: "<storeNumber>",
        lastPaymentDate: SDEDate.init(
            day: 23, 
            month: 4, 	
            year: 2019
        ),
        registrationDate: nil
    )
}
```

### Sending SDE

In order to **manually** send the SDE Stack, use the following:

```swift
lpabcsdk.sendSDEStack()

// or using completion callbacks:
lpabcsdk.sendSDEStack(onSuccess: { (success) in
    // success block
}) { (error) in
    // error block
}
```

### Aggregated SDE Stack Timeout

This will setup a timeout interval for auto sending the aggregated SDE stack (optional). Default is 5 seconds and Max is 15.

```swift
lpabcsdk.setAggregatedInterval(interval:15)
```

See the [Auto Send aggregated](#Auto-Send-Aggregated) optional parameter in [Create SDEs](#create-sdes).

### Aggregated SDE Stack Send Completion Closure

If you want to execute code whenever the Aggregated SDE Stack auto send completes, implement the `aggregatedSDEStackCompletion` closure:

```swift
lpabcsdk.aggregatedSDEStackCompletion = {  completion, error in
    // debug code
}

```

### Implicit Event Callback

Some consumer actions can trigger an implicit SDE flow (eg. a new conversation starts). If you would like to send an SDE upon one of these events triggering, you can do so by implenting the `implicitSDEClosure` method.

```swift
lpabcsdk.implicitSDEClosure = { implicitEventCallbackType in 
    // implement 
}
```

- `ImplicitEventCallbackType` - Indicates the type of implicit event that is being called back from the implicitSDEClosure. 

- `implicitSDEClosure` - Invoked when a qualifying event is met, and callback the type of that event 


You can set the desired SDEs to express your custom reporting for the  event triggered. 

**Supported Event Types**:
    - `newConversation` - Receiving an **incoming (agent to consumer)**, new first time CIM - per conversation.

Example:

```swift
lpabcsdk.implicitSDEClosure = { implicitType in 
    switch implicitType {
        case .newConversation:
            // Create and send desired SDE
    }
}
```

### Reply CIM from Consumer to Agent

An agent can recieve back from the consumer a Custom Interactive Message with contextual text. This text can be displayed to the agent in the LiveEngage workspace.

For example, if the consumer selects a product inside of your iMessage app, the Agent can see which product they selected via the `textContent` of this method.

```swift
// create MSMessage object

lpabcsdk.appendReplayMessagePayload(message: MSMessage, textContext: String)

// send MSMessage object
```

Pass in the initiated MSMessage object, and the desired textual String. 


### Synchronize SDK (Host app target feature)

When called, the SDK will explicitly synch with latest chache version.

Best practice will be adding this to your AppDelegate/ applicationWillEnterForeground, in order to use monitoring ability when host app enters forground.

iMesssage extension target will have no effect calling this function.

```swift
func applicationWillEnterForeground(_ application: UIApplication) {
        LPABCSDK.synchronize()
    }
```
