pages/documents/RichMessaging/GettingStartedWithRichMessaging/Getting-Started-with-RichMessaging.md, before:

---
pagename: Introduction
redirect_from:
  - rich-messaging-getting-started.html
Keywords:
sitesection: Documents
categoryname: "Rich Messaging"
documentname: Getting Started with Rich Messaging
level-order: 1
order: 10
permalink: getting-started-with-rich-messaging-introduction.html
root-link: true
indicator: both
---

The majority of messages in a conversation are plain text like you are reading now. However, LivePerson provides many ways to enhance these messages with various interactive and styled messages.

Rich Messaging consists of add-ons to an _existing_ channel that allows you to push something more rich than just plain text.

The documents within Rich Messaging are organized by feature type. Within each feature dropdown, you will find the templates for each channel.

<hr>

For a list of Rich Messaging capabilities for each channel, browse or search the table below:

<div class="mobilefeaturestable">This table contains all of LiveEngage's Messaging capabilities compared over several channels. As such, it is too complex to navigate and view on a tablet or a mobile device. Please open it on your laptop of desktop computer to view it properly.</div>

<input id="capabilitiesSearch" placeholder="Search by Capability Name" />
<table id="featurestable">
  <thead>
    <th></th>
    <th>Mobile App Messaging</th>
    <th>Web Messaging</th>
    <th>Apple Business chat</th>
    <th>SMS</th>
    <th>Facebook</th>
    <th>WhatsApp</th>
    <th>Google RCS</th>
    <th>Line</th>
    <th>Messaging Window API</th>
    <th>Connector API</th>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    {% for category in site.data.capabilities %}
    {% if category.categoryName == "Rich Messaging" %}
      <tr class="categoryrow">
        <td>{{ category.categoryName }}</td>
        <td><img class="tableIcon" src="img/mobileappmessaging.svg" /></td>
        <td><img class="tableIcon" src="img/web-messaging.svg" /></td>
        <td><img class="tableIcon" src="img/abc.svg" /></td>
        <td><img class="tableIcon" src="img/sms.svg" /></td>
        <td><img class="tableIcon" src="img/fb-messenger.svg" /></td>
        <td><img class="tableIcon" src="img/whatsapp.svg" /></td>
        <td><img class="tableIcon" src="img/google-rsc.svg" /></td>
        <td><img class="tableIcon" src="img/line.svg" /></td>
        <td><img class="tableIcon" src="img/messaging-window-api.svg" /></td>
        <td><img class="tableIcon" src="img/connector-api.svg" /></td>
      </tr>
      {% for feature in category.features %}
      <tr>
        <td>{{ feature.featureName }}</td>
        {% for channel in feature.channels %}
        {% if forloop.index == 1 %}
        {% if channel.mobileAppMessaging == "Supported" %}
        <td class="green">{{ channel.mobileAppMessaging }}</td>
        {% else %}
        <td>{{ channel.mobileAppMessaging }}</td>
        {% endif %}
        {% endif %}
        {% if forloop.index == 2 %}
        {% if channel.webMessaging == "Supported" %}
        <td class="green">{{ channel.webMessaging }}</td>
        {% else %}
        <td>{{ channel.webMessaging }}</td>
        {% endif %}
        {% endif %}
        {% if forloop.index == 3 %}
        {% if channel.appleBusinessChat == "Supported" %}
        <td class="green">{{ channel.appleBusinessChat }}</td>
        {% else %}
        <td>{{ channel.appleBusinessChat }}</td>
        {% endif %}
        {% endif %}
        {% if forloop.index == 4 %}
        {% if channel.sms == "Supported" %}
        <td class="green">{{ channel.sms }}</td>
        {% else %}
        <td>{{ channel.sms }}</td>
        {% endif %}
        {% endif %}
        {% if forloop.index == 5 %}
        {% if channel.facebook == "Supported" %}
        <td class="green">{{ channel.facebook }}</td>
        {% else %}
        <td>{{ channel.facebook }}</td>
        {% endif %}
        {% endif %}
        {% if forloop.index == 6 %}
        {% if channel.whatsapp == "Supported" %}
        <td class="green">{{ channel.whatsapp }}</td>
        {% else %}
        <td>{{ channel.whatsapp }}</td>
        {% endif %}
        {% endif %}
        {% if forloop.index == 7 %}
        {% if channel.googleRCS == "Supported" %}
        <td class="green">{{ channel.googleRCS }}</td>
        {% else %}
        <td>{{ channel.googleRCS }}</td>
        {% endif %}
        {% endif %}
        {% if forloop.index == 8 %}
        {% if channel.line == "Supported" %}
        <td class="green">{{ channel.line }}</td>
        {% else %}
        <td>{{ channel.line }}</td>
        {% endif %}
        {% endif %}
        {% if forloop.index == 9 %}
        {% if channel.messagingWindowAPI == "Supported" %}
        <td class="green">{{ channel.messagingWindowAPI }}</td>
        {% else %}
        <td>{{ channel.messagingWindowAPI }}</td>
        {% endif %}
        {% endif %}
        {% if forloop.index == 10 %}
        {% if channel.connectorAPI == "Supported" %}
        <td class="green">{{ channel.connectorAPI }}</td>
        {% else %}
        <td>{{ channel.connectorAPI }}</td>
        {% endif %}
        {% endif %}
        {% endfor %}
      </tr>
      {% endfor %}
    {% endif %}
    {% endfor %}
    </tbody>
  </table>

Commit message:

reorganize all rich messaging docs to channel

pages/documents/RichMessaging/GettingStartedWithRichMessaging/Getting-Started-with-RichMessaging.md, after:

---
pagename: Introduction
redirect_from:
  - rich-messaging-getting-started.html
Keywords:
sitesection: Documents
categoryname: "Rich Messaging"
documentname: Getting Started with Rich Messaging
permalink: getting-started-with-rich-messaging-introduction.html
root-link: true
indicator: both
---

The majority of messages in a conversation are plain text like you are reading now. However, LivePerson provides many ways to enhance these messages with various interactive and styled messages.

Rich Messaging consists of add-ons to an _existing_ channel that allows you to push something more rich than just plain text.

See the Introduction to Structured Content to understand how this rich messaging is implemented.

<hr>

For a list of Rich Messaging capabilities for each channel, browse or search the table below:

<div class="mobilefeaturestable">This table contains all of LiveEngage's Messaging capabilities compared over several channels. As such, it is too complex to navigate and view on a tablet or a mobile device. Please open it on your laptop of desktop computer to view it properly.</div>

<input id="capabilitiesSearch" placeholder="Search by Capability Name" />
<table id="featurestable">
  <thead>
    <th></th>
    <th>Mobile App Messaging</th>
    <th>Web Messaging</th>
    <th>Apple Business chat</th>
    <th>SMS</th>
    <th>Facebook</th>
    <th>WhatsApp</th>
    <th>Google RCS</th>
    <th>Line</th>
    <th>Messaging Window API</th>
    <th>Connector API</th>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    {% for category in site.data.capabilities %}
    {% if category.categoryName == "Rich Messaging" %}
      <tr class="categoryrow">
        <td>{{ category.categoryName }}</td>
        <td><img class="tableIcon" src="img/mobileappmessaging.svg" /></td>
        <td><img class="tableIcon" src="img/web-messaging.svg" /></td>
        <td><img class="tableIcon" src="img/abc.svg" /></td>
        <td><img class="tableIcon" src="img/sms.svg" /></td>
        <td><img class="tableIcon" src="img/fb-messenger.svg" /></td>
        <td><img class="tableIcon" src="img/whatsapp.svg" /></td>
        <td><img class="tableIcon" src="img/google-rsc.svg" /></td>
        <td><img class="tableIcon" src="img/line.svg" /></td>
        <td><img class="tableIcon" src="img/messaging-window-api.svg" /></td>
        <td><img class="tableIcon" src="img/connector-api.svg" /></td>
      </tr>
      {% for feature in category.features %}
      <tr>
        <td>{{ feature.featureName }}</td>
        {% for channel in feature.channels %}
        {% if forloop.index == 1 %}
        {% if channel.mobileAppMessaging == "Supported" %}
        <td class="green">{{ channel.mobileAppMessaging }}</td>
        {% else %}
        <td>{{ channel.mobileAppMessaging }}</td>
        {% endif %}
        {% endif %}
        {% if forloop.index == 2 %}
        {% if channel.webMessaging == "Supported" %}
        <td class="green">{{ channel.webMessaging }}</td>
        {% else %}
        <td>{{ channel.webMessaging }}</td>
        {% endif %}
        {% endif %}
        {% if forloop.index == 3 %}
        {% if channel.appleBusinessChat == "Supported" %}
        <td class="green">{{ channel.appleBusinessChat }}</td>
        {% else %}
        <td>{{ channel.appleBusinessChat }}</td>
        {% endif %}
        {% endif %}
        {% if forloop.index == 4 %}
        {% if channel.sms == "Supported" %}
        <td class="green">{{ channel.sms }}</td>
        {% else %}
        <td>{{ channel.sms }}</td>
        {% endif %}
        {% endif %}
        {% if forloop.index == 5 %}
        {% if channel.facebook == "Supported" %}
        <td class="green">{{ channel.facebook }}</td>
        {% else %}
        <td>{{ channel.facebook }}</td>
        {% endif %}
        {% endif %}
        {% if forloop.index == 6 %}
        {% if channel.whatsapp == "Supported" %}
        <td class="green">{{ channel.whatsapp }}</td>
        {% else %}
        <td>{{ channel.whatsapp }}</td>
        {% endif %}
        {% endif %}
        {% if forloop.index == 7 %}
        {% if channel.googleRCS == "Supported" %}
        <td class="green">{{ channel.googleRCS }}</td>
        {% else %}
        <td>{{ channel.googleRCS }}</td>
        {% endif %}
        {% endif %}
        {% if forloop.index == 8 %}
        {% if channel.line == "Supported" %}
        <td class="green">{{ channel.line }}</td>
        {% else %}
        <td>{{ channel.line }}</td>
        {% endif %}
        {% endif %}
        {% if forloop.index == 9 %}
        {% if channel.messagingWindowAPI == "Supported" %}
        <td class="green">{{ channel.messagingWindowAPI }}</td>
        {% else %}
        <td>{{ channel.messagingWindowAPI }}</td>
        {% endif %}
        {% endif %}
        {% if forloop.index == 10 %}
        {% if channel.connectorAPI == "Supported" %}
        <td class="green">{{ channel.connectorAPI }}</td>
        {% else %}
        <td>{{ channel.connectorAPI }}</td>
        {% endif %}
        {% endif %}
        {% endfor %}
      </tr>
      {% endfor %}
    {% endif %}
    {% endfor %}
    </tbody>
  </table>
