pages/documents/AgentExperienceAndBots/BotConnectors/GettingStarted.md, before:

---
pagename: Getting Started
redirect_from:
  - customer-facing-bots-deploying-bots-to-liveengage.html
  - customer-facing-bots-considerations.html
  - customer-facing-bots-deploying-bots-on-live-chat.html
  - customer-facing-bots-deploying-bots-on-messaging.html
  - customer-facing-bots-getting-started.html
  - customer-facing-bots-limitations.html
  - customer-facing-bots-overview.html
  - customer-facing-bots-prerequisites.html
sitesection: Documents
categoryname: "Agent Experience & Bots"
documentname: Bot Connectors
permalink: bot-connectors-getting-started.html
indicator:
---

### Introduction

External Bot frameworks and Bot builders can be enabled and managed through LiveEngage just like a normal human agent.

Using the Bot Connector dashboard, you can provision a bot connector for IBM Watson, Google Dialogflow, and more.

{: .important}
If you need to connect a external bot that does not have a pre-built connector, see [this document](bot-connectors-custom-third-party-bots.html) for instructions.

Each connector provides the functionality to

* send/receive text messages

* send [structured content](getting-started-with-rich-messaging-introduction.html)

* transfer the conversation to other skills

* change Time To Response for a messaging conversation

* close a conversation

Some connectors may provide more or less functionality depending on the specifics of the product to which it is connecting.

There are two steps to setting up a new bot connector.

1. Create Bot user in LiveEngage

2. Provision connector in the Bot Connector dashboard

### Limitations

Due to limitations from the LiveEngages permission system it is not possible for an operator with the Agent or the AgentManager role to create new Bots.
However they are still able to start and stop existing Bots.

### Create Bot User in LiveEngage

1. Add a new user in LiveEngage, choose "Bot" for “User type”. If “User type” is not available, contact your LivePerson account manager to enable the feature.

    <img style="width:600px" src="img/dialogflowversion2/image_0.png">

2. Add login method as "API key" and generate new API key for the new user

    <img style="width:600px" src="img/dialogflowversion2/image_1.png">

3. Make sure the user has chat and/or messaging slot > 0 based on the target channel of the bot.

4. Set Max No of Live Chats

    * If Chat in the drop down select  - Value > 1.

    * If Messaging Max No of Live Chats -> **No Chats and Max No of Messaging Converversations to Custom Setting and enter a value greater than 0**

5. Find api key name in bot user profile

    <img style="width:400px" src="img/dialogflowversion2/image_2.png">

---

### Provision connector in the Bot Connector dashboard

To access the Bot Connector dashboard, contact your Account Manager to enable the Automation Area in LiveEngage for your account.

Upon logging in to LiveEngage, you will see the Automation Tab:

<img class="fancyimage" style="width:750px" src="img/botconnectordashboard/automation_tab.png">

Follow the steps below to add a new bot connector.

1. Navigate to the Automation Area Dashboard and click "Connect Bots" on the side menu.

1. Navigate to the Config page and click “+ADD NEW BOT”

    <img style="width:800px" src="img/botconnectordashboard/add_new_bot.png">

2. Assign agent:  Assign the bot agent that you just created

3. Choose conversation type:  Chat or Messaging

    Settings for Chat:
    <img style="width:900px" src="img/botconnectordashboard/chat_settings.png">
    
    * Time until warning: Set up the time span after when the consumer will get an inactivity warning.
    * Warning message: The warning message the chat consumer gets if he reaches the threshold.
    * Time until conversation close: Set up the time duration after which the consumer chat conversation will be closed if the customer is inactive
    * Close message: The message which the consumer will receive prior to closing the conversation 
    
    Settings for Messaging:
    <img style="width:900px" src="img/botconnectordashboard/messaging_settings.png">
    
    * No special setting are needed for messaging bots

4. Setup Escalation: Skill to transfer to in the event of an error during connection to the AI service

    <img style="width:900px" src="img/botconnectordashboard/error_handling.png">
    
    * Transfer message to Customer: Default escalation message to the consumer in case the bot encounters an error
    * Transfer message to Agent: Message to the Agent from the escalating Bot which will be provided together with the conversation
    * Transfer failure message: Message to the customer in case the escalation to the default escalation skill did not work.
    * Transfer to skill: Default escalation skill the bot should escalate to in case of any error.
    
    (Note: if no other skills are configured, it might be that the bot will escalate the conversation to himself. However in this case only new messages will be processed.)

5. Connect to A.I.: Choose an AI engine from a list. Add the configuration of AI. See [Next Steps](#next-steps).

### Next Steps

Move on to the product guides to learn how to connect and configure your specific bot framework/builder.
* [Watson Assistant](bot-connectors-ibm-watson-assistant.html)
* [Dialogflow V1](bot-connectors-google-dialog-flow.html)
* [Dialogflow V2](bot-connectors-google-dialog-flow-version-2.html)
* [Amazon Lex](bot-connectors-amazon-lex.html)
* [Custom Third Party Bots](bot-connectors-custom-third-party-bots.html)

Commit message:

add limitations and workaround for creating starting bots

pages/documents/AgentExperienceAndBots/BotConnectors/GettingStarted.md, after:

---
pagename: Getting Started
redirect_from:
  - customer-facing-bots-deploying-bots-to-liveengage.html
  - customer-facing-bots-considerations.html
  - customer-facing-bots-deploying-bots-on-live-chat.html
  - customer-facing-bots-deploying-bots-on-messaging.html
  - customer-facing-bots-getting-started.html
  - customer-facing-bots-limitations.html
  - customer-facing-bots-overview.html
  - customer-facing-bots-prerequisites.html
sitesection: Documents
categoryname: "Agent Experience & Bots"
documentname: Bot Connectors
permalink: bot-connectors-getting-started.html
indicator:
---

### Introduction

External Bot frameworks and Bot builders can be enabled and managed through LiveEngage just like a normal human agent.

Using the Bot Connector dashboard, you can provision a bot connector for IBM Watson, Google Dialogflow, and Amazon Lex.

{: .important}
If you need to connect a external bot that does not have a pre-built connector, see [this document](bot-connectors-custom-third-party-bots.html) for instructions.

Each connector provides the functionality to

* send/receive text messages

* send [structured content](getting-started-with-rich-messaging-introduction.html)

* transfer the conversation to other skills

* change Time To Response for a messaging conversation

* close a conversation

Some connectors may provide more or less functionality depending on the specifics of the product to which it is connecting.

There are two steps to setting up a new bot connector.

1. Create Bot user in LiveEngage

2. Provision connector in the Bot Connector dashboard

### Limitations

Due to limitations from the LiveEngages permission system it is not possible for an operator with the Agent or the AgentManager Profile to create new Bots or start Bots.
However they are still able to stop, edit and delete existing Bots.
If you want to enable creating and starting Bots for Agent and Agent Manager, you need to create a new Profile, which derives from Campaign Manager or Admin and enable the
needed permissions only. Afterwards you need to assign the new Profile to the Agent/Agent Manager who should be able to start/create Bots.

<img style="width:600px" src="img/botconnectordashboard/campaign_manager_bot_permissions.png">
Minimal set of permissions for creating and starting Bots for Campaign Manager Profile

<img style="width:600px" src="img/botconnectordashboard/administrator_bot_permissions.png">
Minimal set of permissions for creating and starting Bots for Administrator Profile

### Create Bot User in LiveEngage

1. Add a new user in LiveEngage, choose "Bot" for “User type”. If “User type” is not available, contact your LivePerson account manager to enable the feature.

    <img style="width:600px" src="img/dialogflowversion2/image_0.png">

2. Add login method as "API key" and generate new API key for the new user

    <img style="width:600px" src="img/dialogflowversion2/image_1.png">

3. Make sure the user has chat and/or messaging slot > 0 based on the target channel of the bot.

4. Set Max No of Live Chats

    * If Chat in the drop down select  - Value > 1.

    * If Messaging Max No of Live Chats -> **No Chats and Max No of Messaging Conversations to Custom Setting and enter a value greater than 0**

5. Find api key name in bot user profile

    <img style="width:400px" src="img/dialogflowversion2/image_2.png">

---

### Provision connector in the Bot Connector dashboard

To access the Bot Connector dashboard, contact your Account Manager to enable the Bot Connectors in LiveEngage for your account.

Upon logging in to LiveEngage, you will see the Automation Tab:

<img class="fancyimage" style="width:750px" src="img/botconnectordashboard/automation_tab.png">

Follow the steps below to add a new bot connector.

1. Navigate to the Automation Area Dashboard and click "Connect Bots" on the side menu.

1. Navigate to the Config page and click “+ADD NEW BOT”

    <img style="width:800px" src="img/botconnectordashboard/add_new_bot.png">

2. Assign agent:  Assign the bot agent that you just created

3. Choose conversation type:  Chat or Messaging

    Settings for Chat:
    <img style="width:900px" src="img/botconnectordashboard/chat_settings.png">
    
    * Time until warning: Set up the time span after when the consumer will get an inactivity warning.
    * Warning message: The warning message the chat consumer gets if he reaches the threshold.
    * Time until conversation close: Set up the time duration after which the consumer chat conversation will be closed if the customer is inactive
    * Close message: The message which the consumer will receive prior to closing the conversation 
    
    Settings for Messaging:
    <img style="width:900px" src="img/botconnectordashboard/messaging_settings.png">
    
    * No special setting are needed for messaging bots

4. Setup Escalation: Skill to transfer to in the event of an error during connection to the AI service

    <img style="width:900px" src="img/botconnectordashboard/error_handling.png">
    
    * Transfer message to Customer: Default escalation message to the consumer in case the bot encounters an error
    * Transfer message to Agent: Message to the Agent from the escalating Bot which will be provided together with the conversation
    * Transfer failure message: Message to the customer in case the escalation to the default escalation skill did not work.
    * Transfer to skill: Default escalation skill the bot should escalate to in case of any error.
    
    (Note: if no other skills are configured, it might be that the bot will escalate the conversation to himself. However in this case only new messages will be processed.)

5. Connect to A.I.: Choose an AI engine from a list. Add the configuration of AI. See [Next Steps](#next-steps).

### Next Steps

Move on to the product guides to learn how to connect and configure your specific bot framework/builder.
* [Watson Assistant](bot-connectors-ibm-watson-assistant.html)
* [Dialogflow V1](bot-connectors-google-dialog-flow.html)
* [Dialogflow V2](bot-connectors-google-dialog-flow-version-2.html)
* [Amazon Lex](bot-connectors-amazon-lex.html)
* [Custom Third Party Bots](bot-connectors-custom-third-party-bots.html)
