---
pagename: Android Messaging SDK - Version 3.2
Keywords:
sitesection: Documents
categoryname: "Messaging Channels"
documentname: Mobile App Messaging SDK for iOS
permalink: mobile-app-messaging-sdk-for-android-release-notes-3-2.html
indicator: messaging
---


### Android Messaging SDK -  Version 3.2

**Version 3.2 release: July 1st 2018**

### Main Features

#### Audio Messaging

**Type:** Consumer Experience Feature  

**Available to all customers?** No. Please contact your account team.

Consumers are now able to send Audio messages to brands which makes the communication even easier.

In Audio messages the Brands can configure:

1. The maximum length of the message (15 seconds - 2 minutes long by default)

2. Enable/Disable the feature

3. Max stored audio messages on device

4. Tooltips text

#### Unauthenticated In-App Messaging

**Type:** Developer Experience Feature

**Available to all customers?** Yes

Brands can communicate with their consumers in an unauthenticated manner while being able to leverage additional LiveEngage capabilities such as Campaigns for Messaging.

Unauthenticated messaging allows brands to:

1. Easier & quicker on-boarding to LiveEngage

2. Having pre authentication messaging use cases, for example, assistance with password recovery

3. The ability to use Campaigns for Messaging while having unauthenticated conversations

#### Quick Replies

**Type:** Consumer Experience Feature

**Available to all customers?** Yes

Quick Replies enrich the consumer experience by using rich text interactions that guide the consumer throughout the conversation. The consumer is presented with number of brief answers that can be selected in order to navigate the conversation in the right path.

The quick replies can contain the same actions as Structured Content buttons:

1. Publish Text

2. Link

3. Navigation

As Quick Replies contain predefined values, it can dramatically improve communication with Bots and improve both consumer experience and operational efficiency.

#### Structured Content Carousel

**Type:** Consumer Experience Feature

**Available to all customers?** Yes

Structured Contend experience is enriched with the Carousel allowing more capabilities, more use cases and moving agents one step forward in being able to provide end to end assistance.

The Carousel consists of more than one card at a time, side by side and the consumer can swipe between cards.

#### New Devices Certification

The following devices are now also supported and/or certified to host our In-App Messaging SDK:

<table>
<thead>
  <tr>
    <th></th>
    <th>Operating system</th>
    <th></th>
    <th></th>
    <th></th>
  </tr>
  </thead>
<tbody>
  <tr>
    <td>Device</td>
    <td>v5.X (Lollipop)</td>
    <td>v6.X (Marshmallow)</td>
    <td>v7.X (Nougat)</td>
    <td>v8.X (Oreo)</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Xiaomi Mi 6</td>
    <td>---------</td>
    <td>---------</td>
    <td>---------</td>
    <td>Certified</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Galaxy S9*</td>
    <td>---------</td>
    <td>---------</td>
    <td>---------</td>
    <td>Certified</td>
  </tr>
</tbody>
</table>


* **Photo Sharing functionality is limited on the device. Only photos which were <strong>not</strong> taken by the device can be shared**

#### Experience and Branding Enhancements

**Type:** Consumer Experience Feature

**Available to all customers?** Yes

The SDK allows Brands to customize the SDK even more, giving a personal touch to their customers.

**Large Emojis**

When using Emojis in a conversation:

1. One Emoji - The Emoji will be enlarged to a Extra Large size

2. Two Emojis - The Emojis will be enlarged to a Large size

3. More than two Emojis or Emojis with text - The Emojis size will be small

**Conversation Window Background Image**

A new way for Brands to set their own background to conversation to add a more personal touch. As in fragment mode, LivePerson does not have control over the Activity which contains the conversation window fragment, this feature works only in Activity mode. In Fragment mode, brands can add the background picture on the Activity window.

### APIs

#### New APIs

<table>
<thead>
  <tr>
    <th>API</th>
    <th>Description</th>
  </tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
  <tr>
    <td>public static void registerLPPusher(String brandId, String appId, String gcmToken,
LPAuthenticationParams authenticationParams,final ICallback<Void, Exception> registrationCompletedCallback)</td>
    <td>added authenticationParams parameter. If passed, this method will register immediately to LPPusher without needing to open the conversation view first (showConversation).
New registrationCompletedCallback callback parameter will be called back when registration to LPPusher is succeed or failed</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>public static void getEngagement(Context context, @Nullable ArrayList&lt;LPMonitoringIdentity&gt; identities,                            MonitoringParams monitoringParams, EngagementCallback callback)</td>
    <td>List&lt;LPMonitoringIdentity&gt; replaced previous consumerId parameter - an array of identity objects of type LpMonitoringIdentity which includes the details of the consumer</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>public static void sendSde(Context context, @NonNull ArrayList&lt;LPMonitoringIdentity&gt; identities,
@NonNull MonitoringParams monitoringParams, SdeCallback callback)</td>
    <td>List&lt;LPMonitoringIdentity&gt; replaced previous consumerId parameter - an array of identity objects of type LpMonitoringIdentity which includes the details of the consumer</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Class LPMonitoringIdentity</td>
    <td>A new class that contains String consumerId, String issuer to provide identities to the new getEngagement() and sendSde() methods (Monitoring API)</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>LPAuthenticationType → Added new enum instance to LPAuthenticationParams</td>
    <td>This enum is used for determine the authentication type with the following options:
SIGN_UP (default) // old unauthenticated method. Will be deprecated on Jun 2019
UN_AUTH
AUTH</td>
  </tr>
</tbody>
</table>


#### Deprecated APIs

<table>
<thead>
  <tr>
    <th>API</th>
    <th>Description</th>
  </tr>
  </thead>
<tbody>
  <tr>
    <td>@Deprecated
public static void registerLPPusher(String brandId, String appId, String gcmToken)</td>
    <td>See new APIs for the new API</td>
  </tr>
</tbody>
</table>


#### Removed APIs

<table>
<thead>
  <tr>
    <th>API</th>
    <th>Description</th>
  </tr>
  </thead>
<tbody>
  <tr>
    <td>public static void getEngagement(Context context, @Nullable String consumerId
MonitoringParams monitoringParams, EngagementCallback callback)</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>public static void sendSde(Context context, @NonNull String consumerId,
@NonNull MonitoringParams monitoringParams, SdeCallback callback)</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
</tbody>
</table>


### Configurations

#### Experience and Branding Enhancements

<table>
<thead>
  <tr>
    <th>Parameter</th>
    <th>Description</th>
    <th>Default Value</th>
  </tr>
  </thead>
<tbody>
  <tr>
    <td>is_enable_enlarge_emojis</td>
    <td>When true, user and remote user messages containing one or two emojis will be enlarged in chat. Messages with one emoji will be the largest, two emojis will be large, and 3 or more will be displayed as normal text.</td>
    <td>false</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>conversation_background</td>
    <td>Sets the conversation background image</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
</tbody>
</table>


#### Link Preview

<table>
<thead>
  <tr>
    <th>Parameter</th>
    <th>Description</th>
    <th>Default Value</th>
  </tr>
  </thead>
<tbody>
  <tr>
    <td>agent_bubble_link_preview_background_stroke_color</td>
    <td>The border color of the link preview bubble sent by the agent.</td>
    <td>#EDEDED
</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>agent_bubble_link_preview_background_stroke_width</td>
    <td>The border width of the link preview bubble sent by the agent.</td>
    <td>1dp
</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>consumer_bubble_link_preview_background_stroke_color</td>
    <td>The border color of the link preview bubble sent by the consumer.</td>
    <td>#EDEDED</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>consumer_bubble_link_preview_background_stroke_width</td>
    <td>The border width of the link preview bubble sent by the consumer.
</td>
    <td>1dp</td>
  </tr>
</tbody>
</table>


#### Structured Content

<table>
<thead>
  <tr>
    <th>Parameter</th>
    <th>Description</th>
    <th>Default Value</th>
  </tr>
  </thead>
<tbody>
  <tr>
    <td>structured_content_bottom_right_radius</td>
    <td>Sets the radius of the bottom right corner radius of structured content card. </td>
    <td>0dp </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>structured_content_top_left_radius</td>
    <td>Configuration for top left corner radius of structured content card. </td>
    <td>0dp </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>structured_content_top_right_radius</td>
    <td>Configuration for top right corner radius of structured content card. </td>
    <td>0dp </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>structured_content_bottom_left_radius</td>
    <td>Configuration for bottom left corner radius of structured content card. </td>
    <td>0dp </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>structured_content_background_color
</td>
    <td>The background color of structured content card</td>
    <td>#FFFFFF</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>conversation_background
</td>
    <td>The background image of conversation screen</td>
    <td>No value</td>
  </tr>
</tbody>
</table>


#### Audio Messaging

<table>
<thead>
  <tr>
    <th>Parameter</th>
    <th>Description</th>
    <th>Default Value</th>
  </tr>
  </thead>
<tbody>
  <tr>
    <td>lp_record_max_time_seconds</td>
    <td>Maximum voice recording time in seconds</td>
    <td>120 seconds</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>max_number_stored_voice_files</td>
    <td>Maximum number of voice files stored on the device</td>
    <td>20 messages</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>enable_voice_sharing</td>
    <td>Enable/disable voice sharing</td>
    <td>false</td>
  </tr>
</tbody>
</table>


#### Quick Replies

<table>
<thead>
  <tr>
    <th>Parameter</th>
    <th>Description</th>
    <th>Default Value</th>
  </tr>
  </thead>
<tbody>
  <tr>
    <td>lpui_quick_reply_button_vertical_padding</td>
    <td>Quick Replies button padding above and below the button text</td>
    <td>12dp</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>lpui_quick_reply_button_horizontal_padding</td>
    <td>Quick Replies button padding on right and left of button text</td>
    <td>12dp</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>lpui_quick_reply_button_vertical_margin</td>
    <td>Quick Replies button margin below</td>
    <td>12dp</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>lpui_quick_reply_button_horizontal_margin</td>
    <td>Quick Replies button margin to the right</td>
    <td>8dp</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>lpui_quick_reply_button_border_width</td>
    <td>Quick Replies button border width</td>
    <td>1dp</td>
  </tr>
</tbody>
</table>


#### Deprecated Configurations

<table>
<thead>
  <tr>
    <th>Parameter</th>
    <th>Description</th>
    <th>Default Value</th>
  </tr>
  </thead>
<tbody>
  <tr>
    <td>enter_message_divider_visible</td>
    <td></td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
</tbody>
</table>


### Strings Localization

#### Audio Messaging

<table>
<thead>
  <tr>
    <th>Key</th>
    <th>Description</th>
    <th>Default text</th>
  </tr>
  </thead>
<tbody>
  <tr>
    <td>lp_accessibility_voice</td>
    <td>Accessibility on the mic button</td>
    <td>"Voice"</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>lp_mic_tooltip_long_press</td>
    <td>Tooltip shown when short tapping the mic button. </td>
    <td>“Long tap to record”</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>lp_mic_tooltip_release</td>
    <td>Tooltip shown when keeping mic tapped.</td>
    <td>“Release for recording”</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>lp_mic_tooltip_max_recording</td>
    <td>Tooltip shown when the maximum recording time reached.</td>
    <td>“Recording limit has been reached, click to send”</td>
  </tr>
</tbody>
</table>


#### Unauthenticated In-App Messaging

<table>
<thead>
  <tr>
    <th>Key</th>
    <th>Description</th>
    <th>Default text</th>
  </tr>
  </thead>
<tbody>
  <tr>
    <td>lp_new_unauth_user_dialog_title
</td>
    <td>The title of the presented dialog when the identity is expired.</td>
    <td>"New Conversation"</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>lp_new_unauth_user_dialog_message
</td>
    <td>The body of the presented dialog when the identity is expired.</td>
    <td>“Hi there! As we haven't seen you for a while, we're opening a new conversation for you”</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>lp_new_unauth_user_dialog_positive_button
</td>
    <td>The button of the presented dialog when the identity is expired.</td>
    <td>“Ok”</td>
  </tr>
</tbody>
</table>


#### Quick Replies

<table>
<thead>
  <tr>
    <th>Key</th>
    <th>Description</th>
    <th>Default text</th>
  </tr>
  </thead>
<tbody>
  <tr>
    <td>lpmessaging_ui_quick_replies_section</td>
    <td>Accessibility string when hovering on the Quick Replies control</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>lpmessaging_ui_quick_replies_button_content_description
</td>
    <td>Accessibility string when hovering on the Quick Replies button
</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
</tbody>
</table>


### Features Enablement Chart

<table>
<thead>
  <tr>
    <th>Feature</th>
    <th>Backend update</th>
    <th>Backend enablement</th>
    <th>Backend configuration </th>
    <th>SDK enablement </th>
    <th>SDK configuration </th>
  </tr>
  </thead>
<tbody>
  <tr>
    <td>Audio Messaging</td>
    <td>Yes</td>
    <td>Yes</td>
    <td>Yes</td>
    <td>Yes</td>
    <td>Yes</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Unauthenticated Messaging</td>
    <td>Yes</td>
    <td>Yes</td>
    <td>Yes</td>
    <td>Yes</td>
    <td>Yes</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Quick Replies</td>
    <td>Yes</td>
    <td>Yes</td>
    <td>Yes</td>
    <td>Yes</td>
    <td>No</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Structured Content Carousel</td>
    <td>Yes</td>
    <td>Yes</td>
    <td>Yes</td>
    <td>Yes</td>
    <td>No</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Branding Enhancements</td>
    <td>No</td>
    <td>No</td>
    <td>No</td>
    <td>Yes</td>
    <td>Yes</td>
  </tr>
</tbody>
</table>
