---
pagename: Android Messaging SDK - Version 4.6.0
Keywords:
sitesection: Documents
categoryname: "Messaging Channels"
documentname: Mobile App Messaging SDK for Android
permalink: mobile-app-messaging-sdk-for-android-release-notes-4-6-0.html
indicator: messaging
---

**Release date:** September 16, 2020

# Overview

Android Mobile Messaging SDK version 4.6.0 release includes  support  of auto logout with few bug fixes.

## Environment requirements

The Android Mobile Messaging SDK version 4.6.0 uses:

- Minimum API version 21
- Compile API version 28
- Target API version 28
- Maps SDK "com.google.android.gms:play-services-maps:16.1.0"

**(Minimum API version bump to 21. There is a known issue for API 19)**

# New features

## Auto logout — Improve logout options

An SDK enhancement has been added that will prevent a second customer from viewing the chat history of the customer who chatted before them, while optimizing the flow in a way that clears just the necessary set of user information in a quick manner. This new feature adds an additional layer of security to our brand’s while verifying that conversation history and information will only be available to the consumer that was logged in to the app at the time of the conversation.

### How to enable

It’s enabled out of the box — there’s nothing the brands need to do.

Note: Auto logout works only for authenticated users. 

# Attribute update

[lp_hide_ui_until_auth](mobile-app-messaging-sdk-for-android-sdk-attributes-5-0-and-below.html#lp_hide_ui_until_auth) is removed. Previous conversations will now not be displayed automatically until the consumer's authentication information is validated.

# Bugs fixed

- Android SDK crash due to empty RecyclerView object.
- “link_preview_enable_feature” configuration is not working as expected.
- [Messaging.reconnect()](mobile-app-messaging-sdk-for-android-sdk-apis-messaging-api.html#reconnect) does not work when the token is not expired.
- SDK fails to connect when opened a conversation screen using a valid JWT and host app is missing reconnect mechanism.

<div class="btn-wrapper">
<a class="back-btn" href="mobile-app-messaging-sdk-for-android-all-release-notes.html" center>Back to all release notes</a>
</div>
